real	Thanks to our reforms, the average family will have an extra $322 to spend.
real	Ive got the spending down, Ive got the debt down a little bit, Ive got the reserves up.
real	Winning enough pledged delegates is not impossible.
real	Due to ... tax cuts and lower (property) values, 2009 property taxes were almost $3 billion below 2007 property taxes.
fake	Victory! Republicans by 2 to 1 vote to endorse Mark Neumann on first ballot at GOP convention.
real	We've won twice as many states. We've won a greater share of the popular vote.
fake	Theres no negative advertising in my campaign at all.
real	Mayor Barrett saved Milwaukee $25 million, thanks to Gov. Walkers reforms.
fake	Voted the best specialty plate in America
real	In every state, women are paid less than men.
fake	The White House is won in the swing states, and I am winning the swing states.
real	CBO reports that delaying the Obamacare individual mandate will reduce the deficit by $35 billion over ten years.
real	Obama's tax plan cuts taxes "for 95 percent of all working families."
real	Charlie Crist raised taxes in 2009 and wont rule out raising taxes again.
real	$6 billion water bond program voters passed in 2011 has yet to be tapped.
real	Fifty-one percent -- that is, a majority of American households -- paid no income tax in 2009. Zero. Zip. Nada.
real	Florida ranks first in the nation for access to free prekindergarten.
fake	Vows to keep Georgias race for governor civil and focused on the positive.
fake	We are winning the popular vote.
real	Rhode Island has the worst maintained bridges in the United States of America . . . and we have the second worst maintained roads [behind] Alaska.
real	Our government right now. . . (is) spending 40 percent more than what we take in.
real	Geithner's failure to pay self-employment taxes while working for the IMF is a mistake that is commonly made for people who are working internationally or for international institutions.
fake	Millionaires working side by side with George Soros are bankrolling (John Kasichs) super PAC.
fake	On the importance of an independent voting record
real	I'm proud of the fact that I've raised more money from small donors than anybody else, and that we're getting $25, $50, $100 donations, and we've done very well doing it that way.
real	Some Republicans who voted against the stimulus "have been all too happy to claim credit for Recovery Act projects and the jobs those projects have produced. They come to the ribbon cuttings."
real	We are making the largest investment in education in our nations history.
fake	I won the majority of the Republican vote in both New Hampshire and South Carolina.
real	Understand, this is unemployment insurance. Its not welfare, as a lot of my Republican colleagues like to suggest it is. You pay into it when youre working. You get help when youre not.
fake	On an early date for Floridas presidential primary
real	Says Ron Paul insisted FEMA should be shut down.
real	Americas wealthiest 25 percent pay 86 percent of total income taxes. Wealthiest 5 percent pay 60 percent of total income taxes.
fake	On the Iraq war, I said it loud and clear, Youll destabilize the Middle East.
fake	On Donald Trumps track record in business
real	The actual (construction) contracts that weve awarded to date have come in several hundred million dollars below estimates.
real	The National Technical Information Service spends millions of taxpayer dollars to print and sell government documents that are available free in online searches.
real	Look, I believe in accountability. In 1983, I led the effort in Arkansas to improve our schools.
real	Says budget savings by reducing pay and benefits for federal employees total $103 billion over 10 years -- more than $50,000 per worker.
real	Every general City of Milwaukee employee pays toward his or her pension, but approximately 88 percent of our police officers and firefighters do not.
real	Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year complying with tax law. It costs us $163 billion to comply with our tax laws annually.
real	Finance experts estimate that paying in cash for the $2.5 billion in projects funded by the sales tax saved Gwinnett County more than $1 billion in interest payments.
fake	On repealing the 17th Amendment
fake	On repealing the 17th Amendment
real	Last weeks three most-viewed television programs wereSunday Night Football, Thursday Night Football and Monday Night Football.
fake	All legislative mail, from the content to the timing, is approved by the speakers office.
real	California Republican gubernatorial hopeful Meg Whitman "contributed to, and campaigned, for" Democratic Sen. Barbara Boxer.
real	No other public or private business in America except for the U.S. Postal Service must fund 100 percent of employee retirement and retirement health costs in advance.
fake	We have the best schools in the United States.
fake	On support for Ronald Reagans policies
real	If voters agree in November to approve a one-cent sales tax increase, that will give "Hillsborough County the highest sales tax of all Florida counties."
real	I don't do earmarks. I've never done one. I'm not going to do one.
fake	One of the reasons that Social Security is in so much trouble is that the only funding stream comes from people who get a wage. The people who get wages is declining dramatically.
real	Barbara Buono by the numbers: As a Trenton politician, she voted to raise taxes 154 times. Under her, property taxes up 70 percent. Backed a 16 percent sales tax increase. Utilities, nursing homes, cell phones, parking lots, lottery wins, gyms She taxed them all. Architect of Corzines budget, she drove New Jersey $2 billion into debt. Barbara Buono by the numbers: taking New Jersey backwards.
fake	On resigning from the Texas Railroad Commission.
fake	As Alaskas attorney general, (U.S. Senate candidate Dan) Sullivan successfully fought to protect our Second Amendment rights and passed stand your ground.
real	The sequester wont consider whether were cutting some bloated program that has outlived its usefulness, or a vital service that Americans depend on every single day. It doesnt make those distinctions.
fake	Ive been a cop in Lake County, Michigan, since 1982 thereabout. I conduct federal raids with the DEA and ATF and U.S. Marshals and the FBI and Texas Rangers.
fake	On sharing power with Republicans
fake	Eric Holder is supportive of the NAACPs efforts to get the United Nations involved in our elections.
real	On support for gay marriage.
fake	On support for gay marriage
real	A college loan is the only loan in the United States that you cannot refinance when interest rates go down.
fake	I differed with my party on business legislation, on consumer protection, and on free trade agreements.
real	Ohio Republicans made significant gains during [Chris McNultys] time at the ORP, including the extremely successful re-election of President Bush in Ohio.
real	If public employees dont pay more for benefits starting April 1, 2011, the equivalent is 1,500 state employee layoffs by June 30, 2011 and 10,000 to 12,000 state and local government employee layoffs in the next two years.
real	There are no tax increases in this debt limit bill. Period.
fake	On running a civil and polite campaign
fake	I have tremendous support from women.
real	George Bush, and a Republican Congress, have presided over a 55 percent increase in the size of domestic government spending in the last seven years.
real	Russian annexation of Crimea removes a million residents of the Ukraine that have provided the margin of victory for (Viktor) Yanukovych, the pro-Moscow prime minister in his last election.
real	When I ran against incumbent President Gerald Ford, you know how much money we raised? None.
fake	By voting to approve [Question 1], we can . . . save 900 jobs at Twin River.
real	Demand for transportation choice is on the rise, with 14 percent more Ohioans riding passenger trains over the past year.
fake	If you give guns to gangs, you can get out of jail free, if (Californias Proposition 57) passes. If you do a drive-by shooting, you can get out of jail free, if Proposition 57 passes. If you discharge guns on a school yard, you can get out of jail free.
real	Thanks to you, in under one week we have the largest GOP (Facebook) page in the Governor's race!
fake	If you look up the dictionary definition of happiness at the time of our founders happiness was not doing what you want to do but doing what you ought to do.
fake	Most Americans want traditional marriage, as defined by the Defense of Marriage Act.
fake	On supporting winner of Democratic primary with her superdelegate vote.
real	At Bain Capital, we helped start an early childhood learning company called Bright Horizons that First Lady Michelle Obama rightly praised.
real	Ninety-six percent of the last session, (U.S. Rep. Henry Cuellar) voted with Nancy Pelosi.
fake	Sen. Jim Webb persists on negating Sen. Mark Warners votes
real	I belong to the AFL-CIO.
real	Under the compromise tax agreement, 99.7% of American families will not pay 1 nickel in an estate tax.
real	In Austin, Ive got half-a-dozen or more schools on a list to be closed one of which I presented a federal blue-ribbon award to for excellence. And several hundred school personnel on the list for possible terminations.
fake	We will be the first party to elect a bald guy to governor.
real	If the government shuts down, all military personnel will continue to serve and accrue pay but will not actually be paid until appropriations are available.
fake	Barack Obama appeared in the video for 'Whoomp! (There it is!)'
real	If you look at the benefits and wages of recorded federal employees, they far outstrip the market rates of the private sector.
real	Sue Lowden gave Harry Reid's campaigns a thousand dollars in five different elections, helping his Senate dreams come true.
fake	On choosing a Texas House speaker
real	From a standpoint of the county government, neither school system has received an increase in funding over the past six years.
real	Texas ranks 49th in per-pupil funding among the states.
fake	On serving out his gubernatorial term
real	Under Ted Cruzs tax plan, businesses will now have to pay 16 percent on the money they make. They will also have to pay 16 percent on the money they pay their employees.
real	A violent felon can buy (a gun) over the Internet with no background check, no questions asked.
fake	I have voted every year in Wisconsin.
fake	The last Christians are about to leave Iraq.
fake	This race will be the Democrats top target this November.
real	Republicans in Congress refuse to list a single tax loophole they are willing to close.
real	My wife is going to be the first Hispanic first lady in the history of Texas.
fake	You cant put a gun rack in a [Chevrolet] Volt.
real	Nobody has played clips over and over ...of President Obama (saying), If they bring a knife to the fight, well bring a gun.
fake	When SACS came back to the DeKalb County School District to give a midterm review, we got straight As.
real	We are 49th in the nation for our graduation rate
fake	Tampa mayoral opponent Bob Buckhorn supported forcing police officers to keep their guns locked in the trunks of their cruisers.
real	The American Academy of Pediatrics supports banning guns.
fake	John McCain intervened, which helped Airbus get that Pentagon contract.
real	The last six polls, including this week's Time magazine, show that I beat John McCain by six or seven points.
real	Our median household income in 2013 was the highest in the nation.
fake	Under Mayor Cicilline, [Providence] was a sanctuary city.
fake	Say Bernie Sanders won Nevada after all.
fake	We had a massive landslide victory, as you know, in the Electoral College.
fake	I am the first Latina to run for governor of Texas.
fake	Hillary interned with Bob Treuhaft, the head of the California Communist Party.
fake	Says that you cant destroy the guns purchased in a (gun) buyback program as the city (of Memphis) wants to do.
real	Buono voted 154 times to raise our taxes -- like the sales tax, the income tax, health care taxes, even small business taxes.
fake	Travis County residents trusted me to take on Tom DeLay and we won.
real	We got the highest vote count in the history of the Republican Party.
real	Taxpayers earning $1 million pay an effective tax rate that is about four times what taxpayers earning $100,000 pay.
real	Says that data from the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities suggest that the Texas budget gap is worse than New Yorks, about as bad as Californias, but not quite up to New Jersey levels.
real	About 57 percent of registered Democrats in the new (9th Congressional) district come from my old district.
real	I am going to be on the ballot in all 50 states. There is no other third-party candidate thats going to come close to achieving that.
fake	The founders of New Hampshire came up with the motto Live Free or Die.
fake	In rural Virginia, Sen. Warner ran 8-10 points ahead of a traditional Democrat -- ahead of Senator Kaine, ahead of Governor McAuliffe.
fake	Powerful Houston Democrats Sylvia Garcia (Democrat county commissioner in Harris County) and Elyse Lanie(r) (wife of the former liberal Democrat mayor Bob Lanier) sponsored a Democrat fundraiser for Speaker (Joe) Straus with numerous Democrat officials and high-ranking union officials.
real	The HOPE scholarship has helped turn our University System into one of the best in the Southeast, with two institutions ranked in the top 20 of public universities in the country.
fake	Say Texas U.S. Reps. Eddie Bernice Johnson and Sheila Jackson Lee are among open Socialists in Congress.
fake	In the U.S. Constitution, theres a little section in there that talks about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
real	When these same Republicans - including Mr. Boehner - were in charge, the number of earmarks and pet projects went up, not down.
fake	On receiving campaign contributions from out-of-state donors
fake	Stopped by Smiley Cookie to pick up some great cookies for the family, along with Rudy.
fake	PolitiFact Wisconsin concluded that the charge that Justice Prosser prejudges matters that come before the court is True.
real	Republican candidate for governor Allan Fung donated to Democrats like Congressman David Cicilline, disgraced (House) speaker Gordon Fox and even Mr. Obamacare, Harry Reid.
real	There are no rules governing the 2016 Republican convention, the rules have not been set.
real	Buying the naming rights to the new Falcons stadium is the largest marketing deal in Mercedes-Benz history.
fake	On reconciliation
real	The very first meal on the surface of the moon was the Holy Communion.
real	The federal government borrows $4 billion every day.
fake	Says Houston National Cemetery is preventing Christian prayers from being said at military funerals.
real	The race will tighten, just because that's what happens at the end of campaigns. They always have.
real	Rhode Island has taken its federal Medicaid funding and shown it can run the program more cost-effectively than the federal government.
fake	On the success of Cash for Clunkers
real	Given the results of the primary, the vote of one New Hampshire superdelegate is equal to the votes of about 10,000 grassroots activists.
real	Before I was state treasurer, my Rhode Island business helped create over 1,000 jobs.
real	Forty-seven percent of Americans pay no income tax.
real	The Fourth Amendment was what we fought the Revolution over. John Adams said it was the spark that led to our war for independence.
fake	The goal of Common Core is to instill federally determined attitudes and mindsets in students including political and religious beliefs.
real	I joined the Gang of 14, seven Republicans, seven Democrats, so that we wouldn't blow up the United States Senate. Sen. Obama had the opportunity to join that group. He chose not to.
real	Over 40 of our 100 (House of) Delegates seats go uncontested every year, and over 40 percent of our state senate seats go uncontested every year.
fake	The fundraising numbers are in, and our grassroots support is unmatched!
fake	I was pretty proud of being the only guy on the stage that ever had a job in the private sector.
real	Says Fran DeWines made-from-scratch dinner rolls are a delicious favorite in a traditional Thanksgiving dinner.
real	I am very proud that over my almost 30 years of public service I have had no scandals.
real	When I was secretary of state, I had a very high approval rating.
real	500 percent more traffic here?
fake	In 1992, Barack Obama directed "Project Vote - an arm of ACORN that also encouraged voter registration."
real	Classified material has a header which says top-secret, secret, confidential. Nothing, and I will repeat this and this is verified in the report by the Department of Justice, none of the emails sent or received by me had such a header.
fake	State Rep. Elena Parent supported Governor Nathan Deals plan to slash the HOPE scholarship.
real	Five percent of Americans pay over half the income taxes in this country. Forty percent of Americans pay no income taxes at all.
fake	On switching parties.
fake	Photo of "tea party" protests shows crowd sprawling from Capitol to Washington Monument
real	Kilmartin has helped pass laws to create a witness protection program.
fake	Florida remains the top travel destination across the world.
real	I did not support the sequester.
fake	The Human Rights Campaign is more powerful than the NRA.
fake	John Cornyn backed his pal David Dewhurst for the U.S. Senate over Ted Cruz.
real	Seventy percent of Missourians support voter photo ID legislation.
real	$65 billion would be added to the deficit if we keep the cuts for people on the highest incomes.
fake	No one in American history has moved from a June 16 announcement to a May 26 winning of a majority. Trumps achievement is remarkable.
real	If Rhode Island applied a 1-percent sales tax on all items exempt from sales tax, ''the state would receive an additional $89,376,857.''
fake	On an income cap for recipients of the popular HOPE scholarship
real	Big oil's filling John McCain's campaign with $2-million in contributions.
real	I was never against same-sex marriage.
fake	I also voted 98 percent of the time with Republicans in the Oregon Legislature.
real	Between 40 and 50 percent of tax filers do not owe any income tax.
fake	My opponent, in 2008, had contributions investigated by the federal government.
real	Since January 2010, New Jersey has added 103,000 new private sector jobs. The last two years -- 2011 and 2012 -- have been the best two years of private sector job growth since 1999.
fake	Heres something that people never talk about with coach Schiano: Rutgers had the best graduation rate of any Division I football program in America.
fake	Charges on the Republican Party of Florida credit card were made with my money.
fake	Aphotograph of 21-year-old Hillary Clinton featured a Confederate battle flag in the background.
real	Nathan Deal saved the HOPE scholarship program.
real	Every month, another 50,000 U.S.-born Hispanics turn 18 and become eligible to vote.
fake	My numbers are better right now than Ronald Reagans numbers were with Jimmy Carter.
fake	On supporting right to work legislation in 2015
real	Says Hillary Clinton supported North American Free Trade Agreement), and she supported Chinas entrance into the World Trade Organization. She supported the job-killing trade deal with South Korea. She supported the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
fake	Obama for President and Baldwin for Senate have kept their campaign offices up and running in Fox Valley, Eau Claire and La Crosse with their staffs preparing for the next battle.
real	Right now, in every major poll, national poll and statewide poll done in the last month, six weeks, we are defeating Trump, often by big numbersand always at a larger margin than Secretary Clinton is.
fake	Obama supports "teaching schoolchildren in 2nd grade, no less about homosexual relationships."
fake	In Texas, we teach both creationism and evolution in our public schools.
fake	Alexi Giannoulias top aide was a longtime BP lobbyist.
real	A bipartisan background check amendment outlawed any (gun) registry. Plain and simple, right there in the text.
fake	On most things except witch trials, Virginia will always have been first.
fake	We have my opponent Sam Olens to thank for [the Arizona immigration ruling] since he was on the team that got Clinton elected.
real	Rob Portman won the fewest votes of all Ohio U. S. Senate victors since 2000.
fake	On support for the Export-Import Bank
fake	On support for the Export-Import Bank
fake	I was fighting against those (Republican) ideas when you were practicing law and representing your contributor, Rezko, in his slum landlord business in inner city Chicago.
fake	Welders make more money than philosophers.
fake	Because the EPA closed a lead smelter in Missouri, all lead for bullets will have to come from overseas!
real	If youre earning under $100,000 a year and you commute to New York every day you pay more to the Port Authority in tolls than you pay to the state of New Jersey in income tax.
real	Boston is just 60 minutes away and its offering subsidies to developers who can charge higher rent than you can get in Providence while construction costs are more or less equal. As a result, the Boston skyline is completely dominated by the cranes.
fake	Michelle Nunn has praised the Occupy movement.
fake	U.S. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse rewarded Wall Street executives with millions in bonuses.
real	There have been multiple media reports about (Donald Trumps) business dealings with the mob, with the mafia.
real	Education Week rates Ohio schools in the top five in the nation.
fake	As Houstons mayor, I helped our area lead the nation in job growth.
real	Says the person who Florida U.S. Rep. Allen West first hired as chief of staff told people attending a Tea Party rally that, We will use bullets if ballots dont work.
real	On running for the presidency in 2012
fake	If you survey, most (North Carolina) Democrats also agree with our (election) laws and voter ID.
real	We have the most productive workers in the world.
real	The Austin Independent School Districts graduation rate reached an all-time high of 82.5 percent in 2012.
real	Ive taken on the federal government and won.
fake	Barack Obama loves Che Guevara.
real	In 2008, Charlie Crist applauded the pick of Sarah Palin and said she would do a great job.
fake	If 20 million illegals vote, you can kiss the Second Amendment goodbye.
fake	New Jersey today has fewer employees in state government than it had when Christie Whitman left office in January of 2001, and I think thats good. And we did it without any layoffs. We did it through attrition.
fake	The more than $800,000 raised by the Alan Grayson campaign last quarter was "#1 among all 435 members of the U.S. House of Representatives."
real	The federal government owns tens of thousands of properties that are vacant or underused.
real	Says recent polls show Americans agree with Republicans that the federal debt ceiling should not be raised and the debt and deficit should be dealt with mostly by cutting spending.
real	Rooting for the Red Sox is like rooting for the drug companies.
real	President Obamas recent plan to cut $100 million of waste within his administration wont actually save money because hes going to spend it elsewhere.
fake	The seed of Muslim is passed through the father.
fake	In one year, (President Obama) provided $90 billion in breaks to the green energy world into solar and wind, to Solyndra and Fisker and Tesla and Ener1.
real	I remain one of the poorer members of the United States Senate.
fake	The rifle used by Omar Mateen shoots off 700 rounds in a minute.
fake	On timing of announcement for president.
fake	On support for Trade Promotion Authority, calledfast-track
real	(I) helped to invent a system that saved over a billion dollars on welfare.
real	The American people say, dont touch Social Security, dont touch Medicare, dont cut defense. Thats 84 percent of the federal budget.
fake	Congress Approves Bill Offering Free Cars To Welfare Recipients.
fake	[Eighty-five percent] of the funds collected in each county will be redistributed elsewhere -- not spent in the county in which it is collected.
real	Mathematically, the White Sox can still get in the playoffs.
real	Nothing in the Constitution explicitly guarantees our right to vote.
real	We created as many jobs in the first six months of this year as we did in all of 2011 and 2011 was the best single year for private-sector job growth since the year 2000.
fake	John Boozman supports privatizing Social Security
real	The president of the United States ... agrees with me that marriage should be between a man and a woman.
fake	SaysJosh Mandels campaign is under FBI investigation
fake	We dont show people playing these games. We dont show them winning playing the video lottery games.
real	New Jersey has the highest property taxes in the nation and not by a little. They are the highest property taxes in the nation, more than double the national average.
fake	Connie Macks only real job in the real world was as events coordinator for Hooters!
real	Austin mayoral candidate Steve Adler admitted his law firm worked with Koch Industries for nearly a decade.
fake	Beyonce and Jay Z, I like them, I like them ... I get bigger crowds than they do. Its true. I get far bigger crowds.
real	In head-to-head polls for the general election, I beat Hillary Clinton by more than anybody, by 11 points.
fake	Social science is irrefutable that children are better off being raised by a mom and a dad.
fake	On banning assault weapons.
fake	The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act is the largest-ever investment in higher education.
real	Most federal employees do not have collective bargaining for benefits, nor for pay.
fake	On whether to run for the U.S. Senate as an independent.
real	Ive got a 94 percent career voting record in Congress while Bill Nelson has a 92 percent voting record.
real	Says New Jerseys public school students have the best Advanced Placement scores in the nation.
fake	In Minnesota, well over 6,200 election-day registrations from 2008 proved fraudulent.
real	Gun marketplaces on Facebook mean ANYONE can broker a deal on a gun online, meet the seller in a parking lot somewhere, and walk away with a weapon.
fake	I fought 38 Studios from the beginning.
fake	What the facts say is ...the best scenario for kids is a loving mom and dad.
fake	State House incumbent Jill Chambers, R-Atlanta, personally profits from taxpayer money.
real	Oregon concealed gun applications include home phone numbers, home address, Social Security numbers, what kinds of guns you have in the house whether you were dishonorably discharged from the military, what controlled substances you are taking and were you ever accused of -- accused, mind you -- of stalking.
real	Thirty percent of [Sheldon Whitehouse campaign] money is coming from special interests.
fake	Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas said: Hey, all you wrinkly, white-aged has-beens: Its time for you to die and let the next generation have your spot on the planet.
fake	Jim Marshall votes liberal in Washington ... and we arent fooled.
fake	On fundraising for super PACs
fake	Claims that Obama said, "For those who oppose our policies, you should just shut up and go away."
fake	David Beckhams proposed soccer stadium at Miamis Port threatens the 207,000 jobs and $27 billion economic impact tied to the cargo and cruise industries.
fake	On gay marriage
fake	Fewer than 10 percent of those in the House are what anyone would classify as wealthy.
fake	A law that mandates fingerprinting for gun purchasers is a requirement thats reduced gun crimes in the five states where its the law.
real	Right now, Texas doesnt have an income tax and Oklahomas lowering their income tax rates, and guess what their severance tax is? Sky high.
real	Forty aides who serve President Barack Obama owe $333,485 in back taxes.
fake	[State Rep. Doug McKillips] donors deserve a refund.
fake	Wisconsin education agency urged white students to wear white wristbands as a reminder about your (white) privilege.
fake	Californias Proposition 63 would CRIMINALIZE the sharing of ammunition between friends who may be hunting or shooting together.
real	When I go on Letterman the ratings go up.
fake	Im beating (Kelly Ayotte) in the polls by a lot.
fake	Semi-automatic weapons, whether pistol or rifle, were designed for use by the military on the battlefield.
real	The governor won this state with 49 percent. We had some of the closest races in the House in history. So youre not dealing with this 70-30, like they want to make it.
real	For every $1 spent on mitigation, $4 in post-storm cleanup and rebuilding is saved.
fake	Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland voted himself health care for life.
real	Abraham Lincoln visited and some say even danced in (the Ohio Senate) chamber.
real	Quarterbacks won the (Super Bowl) MVP more than 50 percent of the time.
fake	If [Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed] wants to be like Bull Connor, then so be it.
real	Republicans approved 12 times larger tax breaks for people making over 350 grand than for the average middle-class person.
fake	Lindsey Graham endorsed Charlie Crist for U.S. Senate.
fake	Ebola is incredibly contagious, very transmissible and easy to catch.
fake	You must list all your guns on your 2010 tax return.
fake	On allowing Shelby Countys schools merger commission to finish work before allowing any new merger legislation.
real	If someone is in a room that has measles and leaves and you walk in two hours later, you could get measles from that person.
fake	Wisconsin ranks 48th out of all 50 states in venture capital investment.
fake	On eliminating the influence of money in policy campaigns
real	Polls now show a majority of Catholics favor marriage equality.
fake	14 percent of noncitizens are registered to vote.
fake	The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office received zero complaints about the Washington Redskins name.
real	I got a letter from 20 people who said they wanted their money back, 14 never gave me a penny.
fake	California Senator, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein said if she could say to Mr. America and Mrs. America, Give me your guns, Im rounding em up, she would.
fake	Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele is a billionaire.
fake	We are taking Virginias investment in public education to the highest level in the commonwealths history.
real	Six of the 10 richest counties in the United States surround Washington, D.C.
real	Says Republican lieutenants to House Speaker Joe Straus aired radio ads supporting Democrat(ic state Rep.) Mark Homer... helping the Democrat to a narrow win.
real	Alaska Sens. Lisa Murkowski and Mark Begich vote as much as 80 percent of the time together.
fake	Soy ... el nico official estatal quin es un hombre de negocios.
fake	Dont believe those phony numbers when you hear 4.9 and 5 percent unemployment. The numbers probably 28, 29, as high as 35. In fact, I even heard recently 42 percent.
real	In Senate Bill 5, there is this new method of evaluating teachers. Youre also going to be rated on what the parents think of you and they can send questionnaires and surveys home to parents.
fake	1 percent of candidates that (the National Rifle Association) endorsed in 2012 won.
real	For our next two years in my state, we will end with a structural surplus of $499 million.
real	On average, women make 77 cents for every dollar men make.
fake	Just like Hillary Clinton, Russ Feingold had a run-in with corruption and scandal by using a personal slush fund -- a.k.a. the Feingold Foundation -- while plotting another run for U.S. Senate.
real	Says Texas ranks 49th nationally in what we are doing to support our per-pupil investment in education in the state.
real	There is great disparity, tremendous disparity, in the (capital) funding on a per-student basis between our traditional public schools and our charter public schools.
fake	Theres more murders with hammers last year than...shotguns and pistols and AK-47s.
real	Since 2007 David Jolly has given almost $30,000 to keep Democrats in Congress!
real	On offshore drilling for energy
real	This year, were off to our best private-sector jobs growth since 1999.
real	Over 80 percent of our trade deficit today is with countries that are not trade agreement partners, that are not level playing fields for the United States.
fake	Wisconsin now ranks among the top 10 states for out-migration.
fake	On whether the federal government should set a minimum wage
real	If youre a Mexican, you get sent back. ... But if youre from a noncontiguous country like the Central American countries then you can stay in the United States.
fake	A 2005 gay pride vote had nothing to do with discrimination.
fake	Tampa Bay isleading the state in jobs creation.
fake	Pam Bonditold a group of lobbyists shell side with corporate special interests as attorney general.
real	#Business formation is still on the rise in Ohio! So far in 2011 weve assisted w/ 44,443 new business filings.
fake	Common Core is education through Washington D.C.
fake	Democrat Russ Feingold announced his Wisconsin Senate run today fromCalifornia.
fake	(Texas Republicans) believe in abolishing Social Security, abolishing V.A. health care.
real	Says in Chicago, we take more guns off the streets than New York or L.A.
fake	Prayer rugs have recently been found on the Texas side of the border in the brush.
fake	Iowa, for good reason, for constitutional reasons, for reasons related to the Lord, should be the first caucus and primary.
real	Today the top 1 percent earn a higher share of our national income than any year since 1928.
real	The recently passed transportation funding bill is a billion-dollar tax increase for Georgians.
fake	Poll after poll after poll shows me beating Hillary.
fake	The Massachusetts Supreme Court...defined marriage as simply, quote,the establishment of intimacy ... I guess that would mean if you really had affection for your horse, I guess you could marry your horse.
fake	On support for gay marriage.
real	NFL players are living, on average, longer than the average male.
fake	On whether Barack Obama was born in the United States.
fake	Your Congressman, Charlie Bass, took over $166,000 from Big Oil.
fake	After Patrick Murphys charges were dropped, Murphys father gave the prosecutor a huge campaign donation.
real	Illegal tobacco sales, price driven too high, has been connected to at least several cases of funding terrorism against us in multi-year investigations over the last decade and a half.
real	Amendment 2 on medical marijuana won a higher percentage of the vote than the last six Florida governors, including Jeb Bushs 2002 landslide.
real	In the latest jobs numbers Wisconsin ranked third in the Midwest.
fake	Says President Barack Obama got a pass over controversalremarks byRev. Jeremiah Wright, while a12-year-old speech by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise hasblown up into a national story.
fake	Thats legal: If you find out about somebody elses salary even if youre doing exactly the same job, you can be retaliated against, including being fired, in most places.
fake	The United States has never stood by and seen innocent people slaughtered to the extent thats happening in Syria.
fake	Early voting remains at 96 hours.
fake	Oregon is the most trade-dependent state in the nation
fake	Hillary (Clinton), one time late at night when she was exhausted, misstated and immediately apologized for it, what happened to her in Bosnia in 1995.
real	Superdelegates have never been a determining factor in who our nominee is since theyve been in place since 1984.
fake	We flood communities with so many guns that it is easier for a teenager to buy a Glock than get his hands on a computer or even a book.
real	The right to vote in this country has never been intrinsically tied to citizenship.
real	Let's pay attention to kids who are not going to college, which ends up being about 60 percent of the kids... and get them trained for the jobs that are there. Because, you know, there are auto mechanic jobs paying $50,000, $60,000 that they can't get filled. There are airline mechanic jobs paying a lot of money that can't get filled. Remarks at AFSCME forum 6/19/2007
real	Says Paul Workman voted in the Democrat primary, supporting Democrats with his vote.
fake	Studies suggest the 2017 College Football Playoff Championship game will bring about 1,700 to 1,800 full-time jobs.
real	The first professional baseball team was from an Ohio city.
fake	Broward County was one of three counties in the nation pivotal to an Obama victory in 2012.
real	Says in the Legislature, (Mary Nolan) has been a party-line Democrat, showing a 100% track record in harmony with the American Civil Liberties Union.
fake	The polling shows over and over again that, unlike Donald Trump, that with me as the nominee, we beat Hillary Clinton.
real	In 2008 (Mandel) was re-elected to a second term, representing a district with a 2:1 Democrat to Republican voter ratio.
real	We will not ask for a tax increase to run city government.
real	Says Harry Reid has a better voting attendance record than these three Congressmen!
real	In Texas, the No. 1 name for new male babies many of whom will vote one day is Jose.
real	As CEO of WWE, Linda McMahon was caught tipping off a ringside physician about a federal investigation into illegally distributing steroids to wrestlers.
real	Senator Webb was a reliable vote for President Obama and Senator Harry Reid.
real	We are the only industrialized nation that doesnt guarantee workers paid family leave.
fake	Seventy percent of the people in the state of New Jersey want marriage equality.
fake	We were the last flag flying in Benghazi.
fake	Florida has experienced positive job growth for 39 consecutive months.
real	Said Republicans made historic gains in state legislatures during last months election
fake	I have always said that I would be for drilling.
fake	Switzerland (where the government) issues every household a gun . . . has the lowest gun related crime rate of any civilized country in the world!!!
real	Four balanced budgets in a row, with no new taxes for anyone. The best job growth in 12 years. Nearly 130,000 new private-sector jobs. Merit pay to reward New Jerseys best teachers, and the most education funding ever.
fake	On the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
fake	On the Trans-Pacific Partnership.
fake	When mentioning Villanovas buzzer-beating win in the national championships, Hillary Clinton said: I love those come-from-behind victories.
fake	Tim Kaine made Virginia the best state for business four years in a row.
fake	Marco Rubio is a "Miami lobbyist."
fake	Says Harry Reid, when asked about the Republican field, said the Republican he likes the best is Donald Trump, and he said, because I can work with him. Hell cut deals.
fake	Says a Portland school gives Muslim students their own school provided prayer room, prayer rugs, and lets them out of class five times a day to pray to Allah.
real	Georgia ranks 49th for women serving in elected state and federal offices.
fake	I started the whole year as a senior on the University of Illinois football team and led the team in interceptions and tackles from defensive back.
real	If you are born poor in America, we rank ninth or tenth in our citizens ability to climb up through that ladder and get themselves into the middle class.
fake	Tampa is the strip club capital of the world.
real	Before our last three presidents, you have to go back to the 1800s, early 1800s to find three presidents in a row being consecutively re-elected.
real	Florida has 1,200 golf courses. I think 58 million rounds played a year in Florida. Weve got 44 percent of all travel golf in the country here. 5 million people come here just for golf.
fake	Over 200 years ago, the United States had declared war on Islam, and Thomas Jefferson led the charge!
fake	Saystheres 400,000 anchor babies born in the United States a year, which areindividuals coming to our country and having their children so their children can be U.S. citizens.
fake	52 jobs have been saved or created in Florida's 34th Congressional District.
fake	The birther movement was started by Hillary Clinton in 2008. She was all in!
fake	An image of nine white, blondwomen shows the amazing diversity of Fox News anchors.
fake	20 percent of the time (smart guns) wont work.
fake	The Stupak Amendment doesnt just say you cant use your federal insurance subsidy to pay for an abortion, it says, if youre getting a federal subsidy of any kind, youre not allowed to buy an insurance plan that covers abortion even with your own money.
real	This year, Newt Gingrich has raised as much money as Mitt Romney, Tim Pawlenty, Sarah Palin, and Mike Huckabee combined.
real	In the city of Milwaukee, weve still got a mayor and a police chief who are furloughing police officers at a time when we have violence all across the city.
real	Ohio ranks 46th in the country in putting dollars in the classroom.
fake	Justice Antonin Scalia agreed for the Supreme Court to hear a case about whetherBarack Obama is eligible to be President.
fake	In the 38 Studios deal, Wall Street investors took a risk, and went bust.
fake	Links jailed lobbyist Jack Abramoff to Rep. C.W. Bill Young.
fake	The Islamic State just built a hotel in Syria.
real	Since last years address, more than 10,000 jobs created -- many on the high end of the employment scale.
real	For the first time in history, my administration posts our White House visitors online.
fake	I sponsored the new Buy American law
fake	Im not one for name calling.
fake	Congressman Renacci is under FBI investigation.
real	Democrats have said that "even one hearing (on the stimulus bill) would be one too many, and that we have a single day to approve these five complex propositions that will affect the lives of millions."
real	Fulton County has successfully reduced the number of pregnancies among 15- to 19-year-olds.
real	By a two-to-one margin, Rhode Islanders want to ban assault weapons and we have a very small percentage of gun owners in this state, less than 13 percent.
fake	Every major city which has a center of poverty is run by Democrats. Every major city.
real	We just had the best year for the auto industry in America in history.
real	When I served as City Commissioner, we made great strides we successfully fought for, and won, adding women and people of color to the Fire Bureau.
fake	I'm predicting (the Saints) will go not only undefeated, but all the way through the Super Bowl -- something that's never been done before.
real	Wisconsin is #1 in the Midwest for personal income growth over the year.
real	Go look on the West Point website and youll see those specific words, full scholarship to West Point. So even though it is, you know, given as a grant for anybody who gets in, those words are used.
real	McCain tells of a fellow Vietnam POW who was beaten for fashioning an American flag that became an inspirational symbol to fellow POWs.
fake	We dont have bars on campus in Texas. Its against the law... no alcohol allowed.
real	I went to the Olympics that was out of balance, and we got it on balance.
real	Says in his years as a Texas legislator, we passed three pay increases for teachers and provided them with health insurance.
real	Latinos are 17 percent of our countrys population but hold only 2 percent of its wealth.
real	Farouk is on fire.
fake	We are now, for the first time ever, energy independent.
fake	After the 2012 redistricting, Wisconsin has competitive congressional districts.
fake	Senator Jeff Plale saved my job -- and some 300 others at Bucyrus International.
fake	Ted Cruz is in negotiations to be Donald Trumps running mate.
fake	No one questioned that she (Judge Sotomayor) was out of the mainstream.
real	Since I took office, weve created 76,800 jobs.
real	Mt. Hood Community College is No. 1 on average and top faculty pay and benefits.
real	Our (Texas) graduation rate ranks 43rd out of 50 states.
fake	In the 1980s, The lowest income people had the biggest gains.
fake	Texas Governor Rick Perrys voter ID law is a blatant effort to defeat Wendy Davis by disenfranchising tens of thousands of women voters.
fake	In January, I outlined a plan to help revive our faltering economy, which formed the basis for a bipartisan stimulus package that passed the Congress.
real	Since December 2010 Florida has created 540,000 new jobs.
real	The state is able to sharply curtail contract bargaining rights for state employee unions.
real	Obamas job approval rating is up.
real	Oregonians have an amazing no-cost way to fight abortion with free political donations
real	A 0.05 standard for drunken driving means having a glass of wine at dinner could make a person drunk.
real	H.B. 194, the Voter Suppression Bill, invalidates a vote where a voter properly marks the ballot in support of a particular candidate, but also writes in the name of that same candidate.
real	Weve doubled the production of clean energy.
fake	Six institutions in our country now control two thirds of the capital.
real	Today California is kicking our butt, creating more jobs and more economic growth than Texas.
real	Tommy Thompson created the first school choice program in the nation, giving thousands of Milwaukee students the choice of where they go to school no matter where they live or how much money their parents make.
fake	A 10-year state program that created 202 jobs at a cost of $247,000 per job was approved by former Gov. Jim Doyle.
fake	Loretta Lynch, the new nominee for attorney general, was a member of Bill Clintons defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe.
real	Since Barack Obama became president of the United States, 95 percent of economic gains have been made by the richest 1 percent.
fake	You cant get on an airplane, but more than 2,000 people on that list have been able to buy a gun.
fake	We have one charter school that for seven years has been rated unacceptable.
fake	Youth unemployment is through the roof.
real	If you want to see the jobs that Ive saved and created in this storm he helped create, go anywhere in Ohio.
real	If you have a union job, youre making on average $950 a week. If you have a non-union job, youre making $750 a week.
real	Mitt Romney opposed the gun lobby, even Ronald Reagan.
real	I said no to these big bank bailouts.
real	Female buffalo lead the herd.
fake	I watched in Jersey City, N.J., where thousands and thousands of people were cheering as the World Trade Center collapsed.
fake	Out of 67 counties (in Florida), I won 66, which is unprecedented. Its never happened before.
real	This is a test of the Share the Facts widget.
real	Savannah is home to the fastest-growing port in the nation.
real	Clayton County Public Schools recently achieved a milestone that has eluded other metropolitan districts across the state by meeting federal guidelines for having a highly qualified staff.
fake	President Obama was saying success is the result of government, not hard-working people, when he said, If youve got a business, you didnt build that. Somebody else made that happen.
real	Says a company that got tax breaks from the state later laid off 100 Ohioans, even as its CEO cut a half-million-dollar check to Kasichs super PAC.
fake	Prop 56 cheats schools out of at least $600 million.
real	The highest paid employee of the State of Rhode Island is a basketball coach.
real	Says Russ Feingolds campaign is powered by small-dollar contributions like ours.
real	Says Republicans supported legislation on early voting and in-person voting in 2005.
real	Says he holds the record for most appearances on Meet the Press.
real	In the African-American community today, 68 percent of kids born are born out of wedlock.
fake	Says Ted Cruz said, There is no place for gays or atheists in my America. None. Our Constitution makes that clear.
fake	Oregon leads the nation in number of jobs per capita in manufacturing.
fake	Taxpayers even footed the bill for Perrys trip to a bachelor party in Las Vegas.
real	In New Jersey, Gov. Christie vetoed legislation to extend early voting.
fake	Job growth in the United States is now at the fastest pace in this countrys history.
real	Says none of the government programs targeted for elimination or severe cutback in House Republican spending plans appeared on the GAOs list of government programs at high risk of waste, fraud and abuse.
fake	Says his executive order requiring young girls to be vaccinated against HPV wasnt mandatory.
fake	David Perdue opposes laws that provide equal pay protections for women.
fake	I have never said that I don't wear flag pins or refuse to wear flag pins.
real	Forty-seven percent of (members of Congress) are millionaires.
fake	If black America were a country, itd be the 15th wealthiest nation in the world.
real	Wisconsin is one of several states where you can change your early ballot if you think youve made a mistake.
fake	Mary Burkes record: 130,000 fewer jobs.
real	There are corporations in this nation, some of the biggest corporations in this nation, who do not pay taxes.
real	As governor, [Mitt Romney] balanced the budget without raising taxes and created jobs.
fake	After Hurricane Katrina, Dallas and San Antonio took in 5,000 to 10,000 refugees each, but (Bill) White brought in 250,000 and put them up in his buddies empty apartment buildings and let the federal government pay their rents for over two years. They did not return to New Orleans, most of them are on welfare.
real	Marijuana is less toxic than alcohol.
real	Since 1904, the Ohio victor has won the presidency 25 out of 27 times
real	Florida "has the second-highest foreclosure rate in the nation."
fake	Latinos now make up the majority population in Texas.
fake	I unsealed my records at Marquette University.
fake	All University of Texas student-athletes get an iPad.
fake	Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, cast votes for TARP, the stimulus, and an individual mandate for health care.
fake	The academic achievements of our student-athletes are mentioned in the same breath and spirit as Notre Dame and Stanford.
fake	More than 1,000 American soldiers have lost their lives in Afghanistan in the last 27 months. This is more than the combined total of the nine years before.
fake	All of the records, as far as I know, about what we did with health care, those are already available.
fake	In every poll, John Cornyn always loses to any conservative the voters have heard about.
fake	Nazi imagery [was used] by the Block for Governor campaign to describe supporters of Allan Fung for Governor.
real	Says that from 1992 through 2010, every statewide candidate drawing over 43 percent of the vote in a Republican Texas primary won the resulting runoff.
real	Texas has, now, the highest share of minimum-wage workers in the nation.
real	Eliminating earmarks does not reduce spending.
real	Georgia has some of the best maintained roads in America.
fake	Any Floridian who has ever requested an absentee ballot henceforth gets one automatically.
fake	As the Democrats finally maxed out their government spending credit card Monday, Kurt Schrader continued to stand with his party leaders in failing to offer any viable long-term solution.
fake	On repeal of Wisconsins smoking ban
real	At Twin River, were more than competitive with nearby casinos in slot machine payouts.
fake	On campaign contributions from electric utilities.
real	Ted Cruz was the longest-serving solicitor general in the history of Texas.
real	The Koch brothers are the richest people in the world. Individually, theyre only fifth. Put them together theyre the richest in the world.
real	The Fulton County vote count will be finished by 11:30 p.m. on election night.
fake	(Bill) Ayers and Obama ran a radical education foundation together.
fake	Says Democratic Party created Planned Parenthood
real	Opinion polls show that the majority of Americans, and the majority of New Jerseyans, favor marriage equality for same sex couples.
fake	[If] you apply for a job, the chances are 1 in 7 that you are going to be denied that job unfairly if everybody is forced to use E-Verify.
real	Polls showHillary Clinton wins every time with Donald Trump as her opponent.
real	Providence teachers can go five or six years without an evaluation.
real	McCain "hired some of the biggest lobbyists in Washington to run his campaign."
fake	You cannot build a little guy up by tearing a big guy down -- Abraham Lincoln said it.
real	Says the Nike bill is not a tax break ... this does not lower the taxes that Nike will pay nor does it prevent the Legislature from raising those taxes in the future.
real	If you rent a U-Haul to move your company, it costs twice as much to go from San Francisco to Austin than the other way around, because you cant find enough trucks to flee the Golden State.
fake	The gun industry isthe only business in America that is wholly protected from any kind of liability.
real	Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed became a city resident in the last annexation, opening the door to his candidacy.
fake	Mary Landrieu voted to take away your gun rights.
real	Fourteen million Americans mortgages are greater than the value of their homes.
fake	We (Trump University)have an A from the Better Business Bureau.
fake	Dan Branch once lobbied for the AFL-CIO.
real	The John McCain Twitter account has more than 1.1 million followers. The official White House Twitter account has only about 830,000.
real	David Dewhurst is the first lieutenant governor in history to have a personal security detail.
fake	With recent growth it is very clear that private-sector jobs have been doing fine.
real	If Wisconsins governor cuts perquisites as much as he plans to do, it would still leave (workers) better off than their private sector counterparts.
real	22 veterans take their own lives each day.
real	On recusing herself from cases after receiving a campaign contribution
real	This year, the Blackstone Valley Mayoral Academy became the first public school in Rhode Island history to have 100 percent of its elementary-age students proficient in reading on state assessments.
fake	Teachers will not be able to return to work after raising their children.
fake	Rhode Islands graduated driving license has saved hundreds of lives.
fake	Gun homicide is down 49 percent in the past 12 years.
fake	If the legislature refuses to expand Medicaid, 27 states are going to get our money Virginia taxpayer money into their states to provide health care for their citizens, paid for by us.
fake	There is no disagreement that we need action by our government, a recovery plan that will help to jump-start the economy.
fake	On Tim Kaine: In exchange for campaign contributions, he appointed a radical jihadi to the Virginia Immigration Commission.
fake	Congress' approval rating is 11 percent. You know who's higher? Dick Cheney and HMOs.
real	Nearly 90% of Travis County government races will be settled by the time of the Democratic primary.
real	This Congress made history as the least productive, most unpopular Congress in the history of this proud nation.
real	In a now-viral video, "impressionable youngsters at a public school in New Jersey ... have been instructed to sing the praises of 'Barack Hussein Obama.'"
real	With those first principles, it allowed a fellow like me to get in his truck and go from one end of the state to the other; started 20 points down and wound up 20 points ahead on election night.
real	Right now one of our highest job growth sectors is Leisure and Hospitality. Weve added jobs that mostly fall within the restaurant and bar sector industry. These are not high-paying jobs, as the U.S. Department of Labor estimates this is an industry sector with the lowest average wages and the lowest proportion of its workforce earning minimum or subminimum wage jobs.
fake	Preventive care "saves money."
real	On average it takes 300 Americans working for a solid year to make as much money as one top CEO.
real	Ed Schultz said Alan Grayson is what its all about.
real	Says he helped save the Olympic games.
real	Obama held one of the first meetings of his political career in Bill Ayers's home. And they've worked together on various projects in Chicago.
fake	In Houston, Texas, today, there are no homeless veterans.
fake	I released all my emails.
real	Now, I also support the Bush tax cuts. Sen. McCain voted against them originally. He now believes they should be made permanent. I'm glad he agrees they should be made permanent.
fake	Kesha Rogers is not a Democrat.
fake	Sen. Jack Reed cast the deciding vote in the Senate for the Affordable Care Act.
real	Says the Panhandle has had its highest-ever bed tax collections in 2011.
fake	A 2011 measure passed into law with Wendy Davis support removes from the attorney general the ability to settle lawsuits just like the school funding case.
fake	A new college tuition reciprocity agreement with Minnesota makes college education more affordable for Wisconsin residents.
real	More than half of the births in Texas are paid for by Medicaid.
real	Shaheen votes with Obama 99 percent of the time.
fake	Say Apples Tim Cook will not do business with Indiana.
fake	You are prohibited from walking into the Capitol with a gun, but you can go after the County Commission or the School Board.
fake	Whats clear is (Romney) likes firing people.
fake	In the history of Republican primaries, Ive gotten the most votes in the history of the Republican party.
real	Pat Toomey thinks corporations shouldnt pay any taxes.
real	To vote in Mexico every eligible Mexican citizen has to have a tamper-proof photo-ID card with a thumbprint and an embossed hologram.
real	We, the bishops of the United States -- can you believe it -- in 1919 came out for more affordable, more comprehensive, more universal health care.
fake	Nobodys addicted to marijuana.
real	Taxpayers pay for roughly 45 percent of all births in Wisconsin! And 60 percent of the births in Milwaukee!!!
real	50% of Hispanic students count on Pell Grants to pay for college.
real	Dollar General added 2,500 stores and 20,000 jobs during his four-year tenure as CEO.
fake	As long as I have served . . . This is the first time every single solitary decision has required 60 senators.
real	The law is very clear! 'The monies recouped from the TARP shall be paid into the general fund of the treasury for the reduction of the public debt.'
fake	Blocking travel from countries with Ebola should be possible because President Barack Obama has sealed off Israel in the past.
real	We got a million jobs.
fake	I always supported civil unions.
fake	Paula Deen supported and campaigned for Barack Obama.
real	61 percent of non-tea party Republicans actually agree...there is solid evidence the earth is warming, ...[but] 70 percent of tea partiers, contrarily, say there is no solid evidence the earth is warming.
fake	Tea Party Congressman Frank Guinta voted for billions in cuts to veterans programs.
real	Every 10th dollar spent by the Social Security Administration on its program for the poor is waste, or fraud, they cant validate that the people should have gotten it, totaling about $8 billion a year.
fake	[Federal] law says that you cant give in-state tuition to an illegal alien unless you first offer it to any other student regardless of their state of residence.
fake	The Ukraine Orange Revolution in 2004 was the first color revolution.
fake	Kathryn Starkey joined forces with liberal Democrats on a historic sales tax hike.
fake	The studies have shown us that [drug testing for welfare recipients] will be saving us money
real	We in Indiana have . . . the highest credit rating in the nation.
fake	The ACLU has filed a suit to end prayer from the military completely.
real	The Trans-Pacific Partnership knocks out 18,000 tariffs that other countries place on American products and goods.
real	If youre a terrorist you cant fly, but an assault weapon you can buy.
fake	Because Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a 30-bill job creation package, New Jersey ranks 50th in the nation in job creation.
fake	Under Virginia law, if you are a non-federally licensed (gun) dealer, you cannot get a background check even if you want one.
fake	For the first time in history, (Thors) hammer is being held by a woman.
real	FACT: the special assistant in @johnkasichs office makes over three times more than an average #OH firefighter
real	Chicago Public Schools lead the country in high school graduation of an urban school system, match the United States of America in kids graduating high school going on to a four-year college, and are producing eighth-grade leaders in the country in math gains, fourth-grade leaders in reading gains.
fake	Employees in workplace freedom states make more money
fake	Wendy Davis legal work is currently under FBI investigation.
fake	Says PolitiFact listed Governor Scott Walker of Wisconsin as the Governor who told the most lies and our own untruthful Governor Chris Christie made it into Politifacts top five of Lie - en Governors.
fake	Ezekiel Emanuel, one of President Obama's key health care advisers, says medical care should be reserved for the nondisabled. So watch out if you're disabled.
real	Her opponent: zero times a judge, zero rulings, zero experience on the bench.
fake	As a senator, Hillary Clinton paid women less than the men in her office.
fake	On same-sex marriage.
fake	If you log into the governments Cash for Clunkers Web site (cars.gov) from your home computer, the government can seize all of your personal and private information, and track your computer activity.
real	New Mexico moved "up to" sixth in the nation in job growth.
real	You can go to Georgia and make about $6,000 more a year as a teacher.
fake	On the accuracy of state jobs numbers.
fake	Floridas proposed Health Care Freedom Act will allow Floridians to opt out of Obamas govt. takeover of healthcare!
fake	U.S. Rep. Patrick Murphy voted to allow members of Congress to receive taxpayer-funded health care for life.
fake	I represent the fourth-poorest (congressional) district in the nation.
real	Will Hurd tends to have a 96 percent straight Republican, straight party voting record.
fake	The largest tax increase that we have ever had in our state is yours it is the business margins tax that you signed, governor.
fake	Wisconsin is on pace to double the number of layoffs this year.
real	Rhode Islands voter identification law was pushed by a black Democrat in the House, a black Democrat in the Senate. Thats a fact.
fake	To deprive underprivileged children of a meat-based protein during school lunch is most likely depriving them of their only source of protein for the day.
real	Opponent Holly Benson said that Just because youre poor doesnt mean youre unhealthy, it just means you have a lot more time to go running.
real	U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison voted to continue Roe v. Wade.
real	Owen in MA vs. Owen in RI Advantage:Rhode Island.
real	Sen. Obama worked on some of the deepest issues we had and was successful in a bipartisan way.
real	Newt Gingrich has suggested building a mirror system in space could improve the Earths habitability.
fake	On whether President Obamas speeches to school children spread socialist ideology.
fake	Barack Obama is the First President to terminate Americas ability to put a man in space.
real	Georgia lawmakers fuel up for the session by feasting on wild hogs.
fake	Our campaign depends on small donations for the majority of our support.
real	Says Portland has higher standards than feds on allowed police use of force.
fake	Neville Chamberlain told the British people: Accept the Nazis. Yes, they will dominate the continent of Europe, but that is not our problem. Lets appease them. Why? Because it cant be done. We cannot possibly stand against them.
real	California is home to the largest death row populationin the Western Hemisphere.
fake	In the last year, Wisconsin ranked third in Midwest job growth.
real	In 1981, Matagorda, Brazoria, and Galveston Counties all opted out of the Social Security program for their employees. Today, their program is very, very well-funded and there is no question about whether its going to be funded in years to come.
real	Zika mosquitoes cant catch me.
real	A record number of Hispanics were elected to the U.S House of Representatives...
real	Eleven states have enacted these pay-to-play reforms.
fake	The Chinese are there in Syria.
real	Photo ID is not required for those who vote by mail.
real	Obamas approval numbers are in the low 40s.
fake	Dan Gelbers employment by BPs law firm could disqualify him from representing Florida against BP as Attorney General.
fake	Overwhelming Democrat and Republican votes in 2011 for legislation in two special sessions on jobs demonstrated the bipartisan nature of the Wisconsin Legislature.
real	Democratic presidents "have been considerably more effective at creating private-sector jobs."
real	Says Texas colleges and universities may opt to allow guns on campuses.
fake	We actually made history in 2010. We came the closest in 24 years to defeating Frank Pallone.
real	Since I took office, over 319,000 new private sector jobs have been created in Georgia with nearly 93,000 of those coming in the past 12 months.
fake	In the primary election, a right-wing group spent more than $100,000,000 to support Supreme Court Justice Rebecca Bradley.
real	The merger of Georgia State University and Georgia Perimeter College will make GSU one of the largest universities in the nation, with more than 54,000 students.
fake	Full marriage equality [would provide same-sex couples] with about 1,700 rights.
fake	Any child born prematurely, according to the president, in his own words, can be killed.
real	We doubled the size of the company (Hewlett-Packard).
real	In 2013 we had the largest, the best, private sector job growth weve had in this state since the 1990s.
real	Dan Patrick was the only state senator who voted against the Veteran Entrepreneurship Program, a program that assists veterans in successfully starting up their own businesses.
real	The balanced-budget amendment once came within one vote of passing Congress but was defeated because of the no vote from a top Senate Republican, and Rick Santorum says he stood up and called for him to resign his chairmanship.
real	Lets start with the premise that Rhode Island already has one of the 10 strictest [gun laws] amongst all the states.
fake	David Perdue supports Common Core
fake	If you and I fail to defund ObamaCare now, some 16,000 new IRS agents will be begin prying into our private medical records, eyeing each and every one of our treatments and prescriptions for violations.
real	Caution: Kissing and cuddling chickens can be hazardous to your health.
real	Under a proposed Georgia law, women who miscarry could become felons.
fake	Bruce Starr was the only senator to vote for stronger ethics laws and greater accountability.
real	Democratic Party candidates for the state Assembly actually received 200,000 more votes statewide than their Republican counterparts in the 2012 election
fake	Almost all of the polls that have come out suggest that I am a much stronger candidate against the Republicans than is Hillary Clinton.
fake	Wikileaks also shows how John Podesta rigged the polls by oversampling Democrats, a voter suppression technique.
fake	Californias Prop 55 prevents $4 billion in new cuts to our schools.
real	In 1992, Mitt Romney gave money to Democrats for Congress.
fake	We are already almost halfway to our 2010 goal of creating 700,000 new jobs in seven years.
real	The U.S. would gainrevenue by cutting personal income tax rates in half and ending tax breaks.
real	Texas leads the country in drunk driving fatalities.
real	Marijuana today is genetically modified, with THC levels that far surpass the marijuana of the 1970s.
fake	I did not support the war in Iraq The record shows that Im right.
real	You cannot get (Ebola) from just riding on a plane or bus.
real	We have had some significant accomplishments on a bipartisan basis.
fake	Jeff Greene "is the king of the undercover Credit Default Swap that brought about the destruction of our economy that we have right now."
fake	[Georgia] Republicans have mismanaged unemployment benefits.
real	We have a retiree that is collecting a $17,000 paycheck a month . . . tax free.
real	Eleven states complete their [legislative] sessions within three calendar months, and another five only meet biennially.
fake	This is a test of the fact-checking widget.
real	The 1990s were a time of prosperity. We created more than 22-million new jobs, moved 8-million people out of poverty, and turned our economy around.
fake	Newt Gingrichs presidential campaign has exactly the same challenges as Ronald Reagans successful 1980 bid.
fake	If people work and make more money, they lose more in benefits than they would earn in salary.
fake	The Libertarian Party is the third-largest political party in the U.S.
real	In 2009, the Small Business Entrepreneurship Council ranked Ohio 11th in the nation and 1st in the Midwest for overall business climate.
real	Creating 25 jobs in Umatilla County has the same impact as 500 jobs in the metro region.
fake	Social Security is a Ponzi scheme.
fake	Social Security is a Ponzi scheme.
real	In 1950, the average American lived for 68 years and 16 workers supported one retiree. Today, the average life expectancy is 78 and three workers support one retiree.
fake	The chairman of the party of Florida, who is an avid and outward supporter of Marco Rubio, gets to appoint 30 of those delegates.
real	In 1947, when I was born, there were about 450,000 lions. In the mid-70s, when my kids were born, there were about 100,000. Today, there are less than 30,000.
real	I earned more votes in the state of Wisconsin than Donald Trump did in New York.
fake	On drilling off the Atlantic coast
fake	On expanding Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.
real	Thirty U.S. cities have Triple A baseball teams and virtually everyone of them [is] playing in government owned ballparks.
fake	Peter Kilmartin voted for the 38 Studios loan guarantee and his State House job was to twist [legislators] arms to vote for deals like this.
real	Took on the Olympics and turned them around
real	For every [coyote] they kill, the population will replace and usually multiply.
fake	[Hillary Clinton]s not trusted -- virtually at all.
real	Says hes the first Aggie governor of Texas.
real	Tom Reed has actually voted for every single trade deal that has ever come before him in any form.
real	Says Connie Mack IV has been a promoter for Hooters with a history of bar room brawling, altercations and road rage.
fake	We win when voter turnout is high, we lose when it is low.
real	Were. . . keeping and creating jobs in our state. From American Greetings, to Wendys, to Diebold, weve gone to their doorsteps to keep jobs right here in Ohio.
real	Bill Young uses his campaign money for, among other things, a luxury car.
real	Two million new jobs have been created, in California since 2011.
fake	New Jerseys citizens are working at the highest rate in three years.
fake	Says Milwaukee County district attorney candidate Verona Swanigan has worked as a prosecutor.
real	Marco Rubio's "income skyrocketed while his power increased."
real	The deficit this year could pay all of the 2013 salaries of every professional baseball player for the next 248 years.
real	In New York, when she ran for reelection, she carried 58 of our 62 counties. George Bush had won 40 counties in New York just two years earlier.
fake	Austin ISD has the highest graduation rate of every major city in Texas.
fake	If Rhode Island does a hybrid [retirement] plan well be the first state in the nation to do this.
fake	Dem-controlled Ohio House voted to change the process, to create objective criteria, to modify the Constitution ... to take politics out of the efforts to draw legislative boundaries.
fake	U.S. Reps. Hank Johnson, John Lewis and other members of the Congressional Progressive Caucus are socialists who are openly serving in the U.S. Congress.
fake	Rand Paul supports Obamas negotiations with Iran.
fake	Nevada will be energy independent within the immediate future.
real	To give a sense of how families are struggling, a record four out of every 10 school kids in Ohio now qualifies for subsidized lunch.
real	In every single country, she had a majority of the vote -- or more of those who'd already made up their minds.
real	In Oregon, students are skipping math class to learn about the Bible.
real	Zephyr Teachout says she is against Super PACs despite taking money from Super PAC donors
real	Warren (Buffett) still does support me.
real	Over the last 10 years, Texas created 33 percent of the net new jobs nationwide.
fake	On support for the auto bailouts.
real	It is a commitment voters take very seriously: The only incumbent in Ohio to break his Pledge and vote for Ted Stricklands income tax hike was defeated soundly on Tuesday.
real	Welcome to #Houston, the most #diverse city in #America.
fake	Rep. Carol Shea-Porter votes with Nancy Pelosis Democrats 95 percent of the time, but Frank Guinta will take on both parties and has independent New Hampshire values.
real	Tallahassee is the ninth-rainiest (city) in the nation.
real	A lot of the ideas in terms of the (health insurance) exchange, just being able to pool and improve the purchasing power of individuals in the insurance market, that originated from the Heritage Foundation.
real	Says half the Americans dont pay any income taxes.
real	Californians consume 40 percent less energy per person than the national average
fake	SaysCongressman Jack Kingston voted to raise his pay seven times.
fake	Tonight in Ohio, more people came out to vote for Barack Obama in an unopposed race than voted for (Mitt) Romney and (Rick) Santorum combined.
fake	Preventive care saves money, for families, for businesses, for government, for everybody.
real	Voting in the wrong precinct led to over 14,000 registered voters statewide to lose their vote in 2008.
real	The five economic indicators that the federal government tracks - for the first time since August 2006 - were positive this October.
fake	Chris Sununu supported Obamas Common Core agenda, taking away local control of our schools.
real	Approximately 43 percent of all college grades today are As, an increase of 28 percentage points since 1960.
fake	The Green Bay Packers are a socialist organization.
fake	As chair of the Senate Education Committee, I led the charge to restore most of the education cuts from last session.
real	As a state senator in Illinois, Obama made sure women got equal pay for equal work.
real	In the 2000 Florida election, at least 1,100 eligible voters were wrongly dropped from voting rolls in an attempt to purge a list of felons. Many of those who were dropped showed up to vote and were told they could not.
real	About 40 percent of workers dont ... have a single paid sick day.
real	A working woman will earn $7.70 on $10.
real	The truth is David Cicilline voted for tougher laws against child abusers, domestic abusers and abusers of the elderly.
real	Nearly a quarter of all adults in this state have some college credit without a degree.
real	The only time in our history when the debt has been higher than this was the end of World War II.
fake	The economy, by every metric, is better than when I came into office.
fake	Congressman Cicilline, when he was the mayor of Providence, espoused a sanctuary city.
real	Once our Blueprint for Prosperity is signed into law, we will have delivered $2 billion in tax relief.
fake	Gains in Atlanta Public Schools scores on a national standardized test lend credence to dramatic score increases on state tests.
fake	Unemployment numbers are artificial numbers. These are numbers that are massaged to make the existing economy look good, to make this administration look good when, in fact, its a total disaster.
fake	On Common Core.
fake	On Common Core.
fake	A proposed immigration bill will bankrupt Georgia if passed.
real	A high school dropout makes on average $19,000 a year, a high school graduate makes $28,000 a year, a college graduate makes $51,000 a year.
real	No city in the state, no state in this nation, for that matter the entire world, has adopted (clean energy) targets more ambitious in scale.
real	Marco Rubio has the No. 1absentee record in the United States Senate.
real	Spanish was the first European language spoken in this country.
fake	I don't have lobbyists running my campaign.
fake	I cast the deciding vote extending Medicaid health care coverage to 50,000 of our fellow citizens,
fake	Premeditation, in murder cases like the Oscar Pistorius case, can be formed in the twinkling of an eye.
real	Says state Supreme Court candidate Joe Donald twice supported incumbent Justice Rebecca Bradley.
fake	Holding up a BlackBerry, McCain campaign adviser says, "youre looking at the miracle John McCain helped create."
fake	Says a car driving former University of Missouri System President Tim Wolfe ran through the students, hit one of them at the MU Homecoming Parade.
real	It used to be the policy of the Republican Party to get rid of the Department of Education. We finally get in charge and a chance to do something, so we double the size of the Department of Education.
fake	Says new figures he released showing Wisconsin job gains for 2011 are the final job numbers.
real	The Employee Free Choice Act mandates the elimination of the secret ballot.
real	Had the online change of address been in place in 2008 an estimated 130,000 voters who cast provisional ballots could have changed their address online and voted a regular ballot.
fake	Says Ted Cruz said: While there may have been an age difference, Josh Duggars transgressions are far less an affront to God than what gays do to each other.
fake	U.S. Rep. John Barrow of Georgia has helped support the implementation of Obamacare.
fake	On the coal industry
fake	On running for re-election to U.S. Senate
fake	Matt Patten kicked off his dirty campaign with thousands in dirty cash from guess who? (Frank) Russo and (Jimmy) Dimora.
real	The reason we have a national debt is not because of defense spending. What is driving our long-term debt are Medicare and Social Security programs.
fake	Rob Cornilles is a Tea Party candidate.
real	Mitt Romney says class sizes dont matter.
fake	If youre from Syria and youre a Christian, you cannot come into this country as a refugee.
fake	Says a national Coca-Cola study showed Texans love Texas more than residents of any other state love their state; Wisconsinites ranked second.
real	Wealthy taxpayers, not middle-income earners, get most of the deductions in the tax code.
real	For the second quarter in a row, my campaign has raised more money than any other challenger in the nation and brought our fundraising total to over $800,000.
fake	Says Charlie Bass forfeits right to equal cost for TV ads under FCC rules
real	Langevin votes the party line about 98 percent of the time."
real	Thirty-eight states -- Georgia not included -- have appointed, rather than elected, state school superintendents.
fake	Says Gov. Scott Walker is openly backing a move to abolish the state retirement system and convert it to a 401(k)-style plan that will reduce pensions by at least a third for current and retired public employees
real	Says Dick Cheney supported gay marriage soonerthan Hillary Clinton.
fake	Africa is spending the highest percentage of their GDP on education of any part of the world.
real	During the Civil War, more than 300,000 Ohioans served in the Union Army -- more per capita than any other state.
real	I have 35 years' experience making change.
fake	We were told there would never be a case of Ebola in the United States.
real	Bruce Rauner is of record that he will fully support the Trump candidacy. Its documented. Its available.
fake	Challenger Tim Tuggey is a lobbyist who donated over $41,000 to Democrats who support abortion and same-sex marriage.
real	Bernie Sanders opposesthe Trans-Pacific Partnership, and Hillary Clinton supportsit.
fake	Says Barack Obama and his team are socialists in every respect of the word.
fake	The Free Flow of Information Act of 2009 would guarantee Barack Obama will never be held accountable for producing forged birth documents.
fake	Says opponent David Dewhurst is a career politician.
fake	I kicked crooked cops and government officials off the public pension rolls.
real	Massachusetts schools are ranked No. 1 of all 50 states.
real	In the entire public school system in Camden last year, only three students graduated college ready.
fake	A new federal program provides subsidized "Obama phones" with 70 free minutes of cell phone service every month.
real	In last weeks debate, Bernie questioned Hillarys commitment to fighting climate change because a whopping 0.2 percent of the money given to our campaign has come from employees of oil and gas companies. Not even 2 percent, mind you: 0.2 percent.
real	We also have, in a park thats not far from here, an ability to build a reservoir that can hold a 30-day water supply for the city of Atlanta.
fake	There is majority support for the Democrats' health care plans.
real	More than 125 jobs have been created at the Milwaukee Job Corps Center.
fake	The 9/11 terroristsfriends, family, girlfriends in the United Stateswere sent back for the most part to Saudi Arabia. They knew what was going on. They went home, and they wanted to watch their boyfriends on television.
real	Georgia and other states with weak gun laws have more crime.
fake	Georgias illegal immigration crackdown laws should be called the Brown Codes because of their similarity to the Black Codes governing blacks after the Civil War.
real	The numbers make it clear that Georgia voters are increasingly taking advantage of early voting opportunities.
real	Forty-six states have a line-item veto for the governor.
real	Says judges get better benefits at a lower cost than everybody else in the state.
fake	Mickey Mouse was registered to vote (in Florida).
real	I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel.
fake	Says an appointed board created under Obamacare will have the ability to come between you and your doctor in determining the best treatment options for you!
real	Says if we raise the number of third-graders who read at a third-grade level, we affect everything, from graduation rates to incarceration rates.
fake	If you shut down Amtraks Northeast Corridor, its estimated youd have to add seven new lanes to I-95 to accommodate the increased traffic.
real	Says he is the only candidate in the race for Clackamas County Chair who will refuse to join the Public Employees Retirement System.
real	New Jersey has lost over half of our pharmaceutical jobs to states you know, not low-tax states like in the South, but high-tax states like New York.
real	Tommy Thompson is the father of welfare reform, creating the groundbreaking Wisconsin Works program in Wisconsin that became the model for national and international reforms.
fake	Says a Barack Obama black imposter joke got a standing ovation at San Angelo rodeo.
fake	There is long historical precedent for a Supreme Court with fewer justices.
real	Says McCain once said that on "the most important issues of our day, I've been totally in agreement and support of President Bush."
real	More than 27,000 Rhode Island jobs depend on trade with Canada.
real	The Georgia Senate ethics resolution doesnt define cap.
real	Ninety-seven percent of the time. Thats how often Mark Warner votes with President Obama.
real	On the Keystone XL pipeline
fake	Ryan Sittons company accepted over $650,000 in Obama stimulus dollars.
real	75 percent of the jobs created in the state of Ohio are created in small business. They are not created by huge corporations and those who are very wealthy.
real	The higher the education level, the more likely they are to vote Democratic.
real	Georgia has the highest flu activity in the country.
real	The largest U.S. companies would owe $620 billion in U.S. taxes on the cash they store in tax havens.
fake	Ron Johnson is willing to hand over the Great Lakes to the oil companies.
real	Every taxpayer owes about $130,000 to pay off the national debt.
fake	We have the highest funding in (the) K-12 system in the history of the state.
real	Barack Obama is only the second Democrat in the last 75 years to win Ohio twice with more than 50 percent of the vote.
real	With this reform, every insured American gets valuable consumer protections, and every uninsured American can become insured.
fake	Rob Portman shares radical, ideological views toward women.
real	After World War II, we tried, convicted, and, in some cases, executed Japanese soldiers for war crimes that included charges of waterboarding.
fake	Under energy efficiency legislation sponsored by U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen, federal bureaucrats could take over the local building code enforcement in your city if so-called green mandates are not complied with quickly enough.
fake	Deregulation of the states telecommunications industry will create 50,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
fake	Says state Sen. Morgan Carrolls votes made it easier to sue doctors, small businesses, even nurses. Putting her own shady interests first.
real	Says wrestling was a favorite sport of Abraham Lincoln.
fake	People on potshoot each other ...stab each other ...strangle each other, drive under the influence, kill families.
fake	This town (Wilmington, Ohio) hasnt taken any money from the government. They dont want any money from the government.
real	Says Bruce Springsteen played in 1975 at Seton Hall University in South Orange at Walsh gym.
fake	Sherrod Brown voted six times to raise his own pay.
fake	Who would sign up to speak for a (Haitian) dictator? Rob Portman.
fake	New food safety legislation will regulate backyard gardening.
fake	We had (a bill) in Florida where we now are prohibiting doctors to talk -- particularly pediatricians -- to talk to their patients about gun safety in the home.
fake	Overall we currently have $981 million, almost a billion dollars in active development projects right here in the City of Richmond.
fake	SaysPatrick Murphys Pay More energy agenda means you could pay another $500 a year for your utility bills!
real	Nine out of the 10 poorest states are Red states.
real	Here in Virginia, we have the opportunity to become the first state on the East Coast to explore for and produce oil and natural gas offshore.
fake	Barack Hussein Obama will force doctors to assist homosexuals in buying surrogate babies.
fake	On new dollar coins, In God We Trust is gone!
fake	Californias proposed tobacco tax diverts 82 percent of the new taxes to line the pockets of wealthy special interests like insurance companies who dont have to help even one more patient.
fake	I do provide universal health care.
real	You have to get a license to fish on our beaches.
fake	Says Maryellen OShaughnessy accepted campaign cash from indicted politician Jimmy Dimora.
fake	On reauthorization of Export-Import Bank.
real	Barack Obama ... 96 percent of his votes have been solely along party line.
real	Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.
fake	Higher beer production and higher consumption go hand-in-hand.
real	Were 49th in the United States in new businesses created.
real	Ilana Shafran Mandels stake in Forest City Enterprises constitutes significantly less than 1 percent of the companys shares and any implication of a conflict of interest is legally incorrect.
fake	There is a very identifiable Somali community back home in Delaware.
real	Fifty percent of the graduating class of the year 2012 will have smoked marijuana or have done illegal drugs.
fake	If Cory Gardner gets his way, youd better stock up on condoms.
real	Its legal to sign a recall petition (against Gov. Scott Walker) even if you have already signed another recall petition, but only one signature counts
real	99 percent of all new income today (is) going to the top 1 percent.
real	New provisions of the health care law bar the use offlexible spending accounts and health savings accounts to pay for aspirin and other non-prescription health needs.
real	I spent 18 months putting together the sanctions against Iran so that we could force them to the negotiating table.
real	When I talk about (raising the) minimum wage ... half of Republicansagree with it.
fake	Obama's one education accomplishment was "legislation to teach 'comprehensive sex education' to kindergartners."
fake	You might be surprised to know that 137 billion gallons flows (into Lake Erie) every day. You might be surprised to know that only 86.3 billion gallons flow out. ... Leaving us a net surplus of approximately 50 billion gallons a day.
fake	I helped write the Affordable Care Act.
real	Voter turnout for some groups in the 2008 presidential general election in Georgia was far greater than it should have been demographically.
real	Weve seen six months of positive job growth by the private sector.
real	Some politicians want to put new taxes on a lot of groceries.
real	Senators who have accepted millions in campaign contributions from the financial industry voted against allowing bankruptcy judges to modify home mortgages.
real	Says Hillary Clinton called the Trans-Pacific Partnership the gold standard. You called it the gold standard of trade deals. You said its the finest deal youve ever seen.
fake	Florida is the first state requiring drug testing to receive welfare!
real	A ham and cheese sandwich on one slice of bread is the responsibility of the USDA ... But a ham and cheese sandwich on two slices of bread is the responsibility of the Food and Drug Administration.
real	A proposed ban on hollow-point bullets and bullets that expand upon impact essentially bans deer hunting.
real	The United States invented the community college. Nobody else had ever done anything like it.
real	Half of Oregon university students are on Pell Grants.
real	More than any Republican governor in the 2014 elections, I took a higher percentage of the Republican voteand yet I also carried independents by 12 points.
real	From the Do As I Say Not As I Do department: federal employees owe $3.3 billion in back taxes.
real	Says, Oregon has the third largest class size in the nation.
fake	We have, right now, Hezbollah, which is working throughout Latin America, in Venezuela, in Mexico, throughout Latin America, which poses a very significant and imminent threat to the United States of America.
real	Never once did they (House Republicans) actually cut spending or reduce the state budget. Even when they cut taxes in 2005, they increased spending. They never paid for their tax cuts.
fake	Mequon and Milwaukee have the highest disparity of income in the country.
real	Old City in Philadelphiaused to have more than a dozen clubs and thats what we were known for and now were down to two.
fake	Late changes to the Arizona immigration law "lay to rest questions over the possibility of racial profiling."
real	To get out of the (teachers) union, you pay 85 percent of $731. Then youre out of the union, but youve got to pay it every year, also required by statute. Thats called a representation fee.
fake	Rhode Island is leading our nation in foreclosures.
fake	Mitch McConnell voted with Harry Reid to infringe on our gun rights.
real	There are twice as many gun shops as McDonalds in the United States.
real	I committed to public financing; (Obama) committed to public financing.
fake	Georgia has the most lax gun laws in the nation.
fake	Who can you thank for rising prices at the pump? O-ba-ma! O-ba-ma!
real	North Carolinas coast is possibly the best place in (the) U.S. for an offshore windfarm.
fake	I turned a $110 million deficit into a $1.6 million surplus for our city.
fake	A salesclerk at Hobby Lobby who needs contraception is not going to get that service through her employers health care plan because her employer doesnt think she should be using contraception.
fake	In Milwaukee County, juveniles arrested for car theft get sent immediately home, because under the point system in juvenile court on holding suspects, a stolen car gets zero points.
real	Today 46 percent of all Floridians owe more on their home than it is worth.
real	You cant give a child an aspirin in school without permission. You cant do any kind of medication, but we can secretly take the child off and have an abortion.
real	Tourism and retirees are the dominant economic engines in our state.
fake	I have not insulted Donald personally.
real	In the past year, Floridians, not government, created almost 135,000 new private sector jobs. We netted more than 120,000 total jobs in the first 11 months of 2011; the third most of any state in the nation.
fake	Twitter, Google and Facebook are burying the FBI criminal investigation of Clinton. Very dishonest media!
fake	In 45 out of 50 states, on average men are seeing their premiums double, going up 99 percent. Women up 62 percent.
real	Candidates for governor routinely disclose their spouses tax returns.
fake	Says the Wisconsin Republican Party tweeted Happy International Womens Day! You ladies should get paid less and not be able to make health care decisions.
fake	Says John Cornyn dodged the draft during the Vietnam War.
fake	Governor-elect Scott Walkers opposition to high-speed rail killed 13,000 Wisconsin jobs
fake	Teachers were not involved in developing the Common Core State Standards.
fake	Under the health care law, everybody will have lower rates, better quality care and better access.
fake	Sources show (Connie) Mack as a resident of California, living with his wife in Palm Springs.
real	Jennifer Carroll is the first African-American Republican woman to be part of a statewide ticket in Florida.
fake	Under a proposed medical marijuana amendment in Florida, you dont get refills -- you get it forever.
real	Virginia was named best managed state, best state for business and best state toraise a child while I was governor.
real	Says adding toll lanes on I-95 in Broward County improved rush-hour traffic for non-toll lanes from 25 mph to 45 mph.
real	If we got solar energy from an area of the Southwestern desert 100 miles on a side, that would be enough, in and of itself, to provide 100 percent of all the electricity needs for the United States of America in a full year.
fake	Less than 10 percent of Obamas Cabinet appointees have any experience in the private sector.
fake	Our most important work has been creating and retaining almost 55,000 Ohio jobs.
fake	All non-US citizens, illegal or not, will be provided with free health care services.
real	After one year, Tennessees students made their biggest single-year jump in achievement ever recorded in the state.
real	Public display of a long rifle is perfectly legal in Texas.
real	Every American now is $51,000 in debt. Thats money I owe, thats money my children owe before they even go to kindergarten, thats their check to the federal government right now.
fake	The media never show crowds.
real	We spend three times more on entitlements and debt services than we do on defense.
fake	On expanding Medicaid as part of the health care law
fake	By voting for Obamacare, Sen. Kay Hagan voted to kill the equivalent of 2.5 million jobs.
fake	Giving money to politicians has paid off for Paul Workman. Workman gave thousands to politicians and got millions in government construction projects.
fake	Says the D.C.citycouncilpasseda lawbanninglethalrat trapping.
fake	Once a woman enters into the sex trade, her average life expectancy is seven years.
fake	ISIS supporter tweeted at 10:34 a.m. Shooting began at 10:45 a.m. in Chattanooga, Tenn.
fake	Says Arkansas Republican Rep. Tom Cotton voted to provide Congress with taxpayer-funded health care for life.
fake	On a cap-and-trade plan.
fake	On a cap-and-trade plan.
fake	On a cap-and-trade plan.
real	Dave Brat worked on Democrat Gov. Tim Kaines Council of Economic Advisors while Kaine tried to raise our taxes by over $1 billion.
real	Says you need a photo ID to purchase Sudafed in Texas.
real	Health reform eliminates co-pays, deductibles, and other costs for preventative care and provides for free annual wellness checkups starting next year.
real	(John McCain) was even mentioned as a running mate with John Kerry.
fake	Oklahomas Republican Gov. Mary Fallin signed a new law which makes you pay a special fee. It will essentially fine people for the crime of using solar power.
fake	Says his barehanded catch posted on YouTube is real.
fake	A "massive" federal computer network will make your medical records available to "millions of people" with a "complete lack of privacy and confidentiality," while doctors and hospitals who don't take part face "stiff penalties."
fake	On support for the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare).
fake	Says Mark Pryor continues to insist that Obamacare is an amazing success.
fake	If you want out of the individual mandate... all you have to do now is tick off the box that says hardshipand youre out.
real	Marijuana is less addictive than both alcohol and tobacco.
real	Trade deals threaten Indias role as the pharmacy of the developing world for new HIV medicines.
real	Nearly 6 out of 10 believe that money and wealth should be more evenly distributed among a larger percentage of the people in the U.S.
fake	Says a lip-reading instructor at the River School, a Washington, D.C., school for the deaf has determined that during 9/11 ceremonies, Michelle Obama said, All this for a damn flag.
real	Opponent Glenn Hegar expressed pride in legislated cuts to public school funding.
real	Offshore wind power is significantly less expensive than solar energy.
real	Says taxpayer subsidy for the Oregon Convention Center hotel jumped $100 million in closed-door sessions
fake	As governor, Kasich delivered the largest tax cut in the nation.
real	Says Tom Ganley has been sued over 400 times, for fraud, discrimination and more, and a judge called Tom Ganleys business practices deceptive and unconscionable.
fake	Independent groups behind ads attacking Democratic candidates are front groups for foreign-controlled companies.
fake	I was able to go and buy an automatic weapon Most people can go out and buy an automatic weapon.
fake	Fluoride in the water, that was originally done by the Nazis!
fake	On subsidies for ethanol production.
real	Lean, finely textured beef is the proper name [not pink slime], and it is a safe, widely used product.
fake	Says Obama opposes innovation, the electric car and "clean, safe, nuclear energy."
real	The Capitol was built by slaves.
real	If you look at the states where soccer is most popular, theyre overwhelmingly blue states, and the states where soccer is least popular are red states.
fake	Says Attorney General Loretta Lynch was a member of Bill Clintons defense team during the 1992 Whitewater corruption probe.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton takes tens of millions of dollars from countries that hate women, that disrespect women, that throw gays off of buildings.
fake	Through the Clinton Foundation, the Clintons are now worth in excess of $100 million.
fake	Justin Amash is rated Michigans No. 1 conservative by National Right to Life.
real	I was the first member of Congress to contribute to Donald Trump.
real	The United States has never been richer, if you look at per capita GDP.
real	We have one of the highest percentages per capita of nonprofits in this state of any state in the union.
fake	Hedge fund managers pay less in taxes than nurses and truck drivers.
fake	A new bill was written into the new health care reform initiative ensuring that Congress will be 100 percent exempt.
real	Says that U.S. Rep. Allen West is a constituent of mine.
fake	Terry McAuliffe cashed in, walking away with millions from the demise of Global Crossing.
real	Says under federal law we do not have any limitation on the number of guns and bullets we can buy.
fake	In the past four or five presidential elections, people who poll high at the beginning are not the people who end up being the nominees.
fake	If Barack Obama would apply for a job with the FBI or with the Secret Service, he would be disqualified because of his past associations with William Ayers.
fake	Jesus was an undocumented immigrant.
fake	The economy we preside over today is better than the one we inherited.
real	Says he did the very best in a recent poll in Iowa matching up each of the major Republican presidential candidates against President Barack Obama.
fake	Says Did you know that if you accepted the Districts proposal today you would have NO pay increase for 4 years? Seven years of frozen wages = Disrespect.
fake	8 Syrians caught at Texas border in Laredo.
fake	White House Political Director Patrick Gaspard once served as the "right-hand man" for Bertha Lewis, who heads up ACORN.
fake	Nevada Democratic Party leaders hijacked the process on the floor of the state convention ignoring the regular procedure and ramming through what they wanted to do.
fake	If the Stamp Farm wind turbine is built, the health risk of flicker impact created by shadows of blades of turbines poses real and significant health risks, particularly seizures.
real	Says Marco Rubio voted against the bipartisan Violence Against Women Act.
real	Say Portland Public Schools central administration makes up less than 4 percent of the staff.
fake	Says U.S. Senate candidate Tommy Thompson admitted that Washington, D.C., changed him into an insider selling his influence to make millions from powerful special interests.
fake	The nations food supply is 99.99 percent safe.
fake	Toomey crossed party lines to stop gun sales to suspects on the terror watch list.
fake	Congresswoman Ros-Lehtinen has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
real	Obama served on a board with former Weather Underground member William Ayers and "that relationship with Mr. Ayers on this board continued after 9/11."
real	Two-thirds of the people who receive the minimum wage are female.
real	Democrats have now become the party of the [Atlanta] metro area and of blacks.
real	On offshore oil drilling.
real	More people hunt and fish in Texas in a given year than attend the... games of the Dallas Cowboys, the Dallas Mavericks, the Houston Texans and the Houston Rockets combined.
fake	Jeff Greene on why hewent Cuba.
real	House Republicans who complained they didnt have enough time to consider a constitutional ban against oil drilling shoved through a proposal in just a few days to open state waters to oil drilling.
fake	The federal government right now does not deport criminals.
real	In Florida, its not illegal for an immediate family member of state officials to prosper from legislation supported by a spouse.
fake	One of the things we found very clearly and consistently is that [video gaming] is a growth industry.
fake	Benzene has never been proven to be harmful.
fake	ISIS lures women with kittens, nutella.
real	Hillary Clinton in 2005 co-sponsored legislation that would jail flag burners.
fake	The name Frank has risen in popularity by 20 percent since the debut of House of Cardson Netflix.
fake	Congressman Duffy has long record of voting against VA backlog fixes.
fake	Accuses Ed FitzGerald of pay-to-play and corruption politics.
fake	A married couple that use the same last name is rarer and rarer in our country.
real	$50,000. Thats what every child owes today because Washington politicians have run up a huge spending tab and left our kids the bill.
real	McCain opposes a woman's right to choose.
fake	Hillary's main extracurricular activity in law school was helping the Black Panthers, on trial in Connecticut for torturing and killing a federal agent.
fake	In Rhode Island, there were thousands of jobs that were created by the federal stimulus program
real	Rhode Island charter schools are nationally recognized as outperforming their counterparts across the country.
fake	Girl Scouts USAs curriculum promotes Margaret Sanger, founder of Planned Parenthood, Betty Friedan, founder of NARAL Prochoice, and other pro-abortion women as icons for our children to emulate.
real	Of the four statewide races this century within a 300-vote margin, three have been overturned in a recount.
real	Over the past decade, the big five oil companies --- BP, Chevron, ConocoPhillips, ExxonMobil and Shell -- made a total profit of nearly $1 trillion.
fake	The Department of Energys Billion Ton Study has shown that wind and solar energy combined could at best provide only 5 percent of our total energy needs.
fake	The federal government is going after school districts, trying to force them to let boys shower with little girls.
real	In the last two years, super PACs raised more than $180 million -- with roughly half of it coming from fewer than 200 super-rich people and roughly 20 percent from corporations.
real	Congress will begin its recess without having allocated one penny to fight Zika.
fake	American colleges amount to a cartel.
fake	Every major study that has been done by a legitimate group ...shows that there are hundreds of thousands of jobs to be created if you pass our (cap-and-trade) legislation. And if you wind up pricing carbon.
fake	Ive created over 40,000 jobs.
fake	Final election 2016 numbers: Trump won the popular vote.
real	[Tailpipe emissions rules], if fully implemented with all the regulations that go with it, they will keep the temperature from rising nearly five one-hundredths of a degree Fahrenheit. By 2050.
real	The average family premium has increased by 29% under Obama!
real	A fairly limited number of people, 25 million to 30 million, will be allowed to access a national health insurance exchange.
fake	Says campaign contributions to her rival for a state House seat was money intended for schoolchildren.
fake	Back door gun control is in full effect in the United States due to Obamas Environmental Protection Agency.
fake	No doctors who went to an American medical school will be accepting Obamacare.
real	Abraham Lincoln (once) jumped out of a window in the Illinois Legislature in order to deny a quorum.
real	In North Carolina, paid family leave is more popular than college basketball.
real	Tens of billions of dollars (from taxpayer-funded bailouts) ... flowed straight through AIG into the coffers of foreign corporations and foreign banks.
real	Floridas high school graduation rate falls well below the national average.
real	Were seeing now 30 straight months of private-sector job growth, 4.6 million jobs created.
fake	Bill White ...offered sanctuary to illegal immigrants.
real	On mandatory ultrasounds before abortions.
fake	Muslims tried to use Sharia law to influence court decisions in New Jersey and Oklahoma
real	Georgia is one of seven states to lose jobs in 2011 and has lost 8,200 jobs so far.
real	95 percent of the income gains in the last few years have gone to the top 1 percent.
real	Says state Rep. Jim Keffer, a GOP lieutenant to House Speaker Joe Straus, "did mail pieces for Democrat Mark Strama to help him defeat" a Republican.
real	When Social Security first started, there was 16 workers for every retiree. Today there are three workers for every retiree and soon there will be only two for every retiree.
real	Says Charlie Crist implemented Jeb Bushs A+ Plan.
fake	Florida's new fingerprint identification system is improving our rate of solving cold cases by 300 percent.
fake	On whether hes had a relationship with Vladimir Putin.
real	John McCain has seven houses.
real	Jeff Greene can buy anything ... he owns two mansions.
real	Says Marco Rubio has a 98 percent voting record with the Koch brothers.
fake	If we manufactured 5-million of these 2.5-meg windmills across the country, we could electrify the entire nation the entire nation.
fake	On protecting Social Security benefits and changing the retirement age.
real	The truth is, Planned Parenthood does not provide mammograms. Planned Parenthood refers women to mammography providers, serving as the middlewoman, if you will.
fake	Says professional football coach Rex Ryan won championships in New York.The AFC, I think, twice.
real	Says the Senate will have a record number of female senators in 2013.
real	Twenty percent of housing in Portlands Pearl District is affordable.
fake	On the new dollar coins, "'In God We Trust' is gone!"
fake	The Obama administration "has been constrained by the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, which basically gives the responsible party the lead role in trying to not only fix the problem, but contain the problem."
real	Florida ranks 45th in the nation for tuition.
real	Today, American companies have nearly $2 trillion sitting on their balance sheets.
fake	A new poll shows 62 percent support the president's plan to reform health care. That means ... letting you choose between keeping the private insurance you have and a public health insurance plan.
real	Says Ohio law gives tax breaks to rich people who own private jets.
fake	Since the beginning of the year weve created a net increase of 45,000 jobs.
fake	On using the Strategic Petroleum Reserve.
fake	In countries where there are higher, more strict gun laws, there is more gun violence.
fake	Originally, Democrats promised that if you liked your health care plan, you could keep it. One year later we know that you need a waiver to keep your plan.
real	We fixed a loophole in the (gun) background record check system so that we could make our commonwealth safer.
fake	Says Russ Feingold cast the deciding vote for the largest tax increase in history
real	Scott Maddox is a "lobbyist."
real	Says paid family leave is a program that is standard in all but five nations around the world.
real	President Reagan did it (raised the debt ceiling) 18 times. George W. Bush did it seven times.
real	In the 1950s and 1960s, the minimum wage was such that it would lift you out of poverty.
real	Following the 2009 session, Texas House Speaker Joe Straus was acknowledged and thanked for his tireless efforts by Planned Parenthood, the nations premier abortion provider.
fake	As a legislator, (Marco Rubio) flipped on a key vote after making a quick $200,000 from selling the house to the mother of the bills lobbyist.
fake	Says Bernie Sanders has been largely a very reliable supporter of the NRA.
real	The health care plan for members of Congress "is no better than the janitor who cleans their offices."
fake	While others place their hands over their hearts, Obama turns his back to the flag and slouches.
fake	Sixteen thousand new Internal Revenue Service agents will be empowered to enforce the new health care legislation.
fake	Estimates for adopting Obamacares Medicaid expansion show it will cost Virginia taxpayers $902 million through 2022.
fake	McCain "still thinks it's okay when women don't earn equal pay for equal work."
fake	Says opponent Bill Flores helped run a company that laid off over 3,000 workers and paid off executives with millions.
real	The oil and natural gas industry provides or supports 141,600 jobs in Georgia.
fake	FBI confirms evidence of huge underground Clinton sex network.
fake	In this judicial race, special interest groups have demanded money from me, in exchange for endorsement and support.
real	Palin "fired Wasilla's Police Chief because he 'intimidated' her."
real	More than 10 years of free trade has brought a $2 billion per day trade deficit.
fake	Says State Comptroller Matthew Boxer pointed out that many towns are artificially lowering the real estate values that they report to Trenton in order to get hundreds of millions of dollars of additional school aid. This is the kind of fraud that needs to be addressed immediately.
fake	Maggie Hassan raised tuition, making it the highest in America.
fake	Rob Portmans plan to tax, slash and privatize Social Security would devastate Ohioans.
fake	The Rev. Rick Warren "has called Christians who advance a social gospel Marxists."
real	Florida unemployment has dropped more than 2 percentage points, down from 12 percent to 9.9 percent, the second-largest drop in the nation.
real	Says Roy Blunt secretly inserts language to benefit tobacco giant Philip Morris into a national security bill while Blunts girlfriend and son are lobbyists for the cigarette company, and just days earlier, 26 Philip Morris executives wrote checks to Blunt totaling $23,000.
real	In 2008, tourism brought in $38 billion dollars and supported more than 300,000 jobs in the state of New Jersey.
real	John McCain has voted with George Bush 90 percent of the time.
real	Rick Perry doesnt think there should be a federal minimum wage.
real	Republican redistricting plans cut Democrat Nancy Nusbaum out of her state Senate district by a half a block.
fake	ISIS didnt exist when my brother was president. Al-Qaida in Iraq was wiped out when my brother was president.
real	Says John Loughlin voted to let people accused of domestic violence keep their guns.
fake	Rosalyn Dance voted against President Obamas Medicaid expansion.
real	New school testing standards will consume approximately twenty days of testing for elementary, middle and high school students.
real	Says Texas General Land Office has earned the school children of Texas $451,932.89 on wind leases that haven't produced a watt of energy."
real	When Tallahassee politicians and bureaucrats tried to run our schools, Ive stood up to them to protect local control.
real	Black voter turnout in 2012 exceeded the rate of white voter turnout, even in the states with the strictest voter ID laws.
fake	Rob Cornilles supports privatizing Medicare.
fake	In the 1990s, the Biden Crime Bill added 100,000 cops to America's streets. As a result, murder and violent crime rates went down eight years in a row.
fake	Ending federal funding for National Public Radio would jeopardize 9,000 jobs.
fake	Im the only one whos fought against developers draining the Everglades!
real	Kendrick Meek claims hes the only candidate who saidSonia Sotomayor will make an excellent Supreme Court justice.
fake	Says that while his plan would narrow the time for early voting, it still will be one of the most aggressive early voting time frames in America.
real	Gov. Bob McDonnell launched a raid on public education to pay for roads.
real	There have been literally hundreds of new tax preferences and loopholes added to the code since 1986, last time we did this.
fake	Says as we sit right now, Medicare, if we do nothing, will be gone in eight years, if we do nothing to it.
real	A wide majority of NRA households ... supported this legislation on gun background checks.
fake	President Obama "doesn't ... want to admit we're at war."
real	Travis County is surrounded by red counties.
fake	Appalachian Power Company is making record profits.
fake	Canadian-born Ted Cruz has had a double passport.
real	We have a $2 trillion to $3 trillion infrastructure deficit. Weve got work that needs to get done. Weve got people that want to go to work.
real	More than 30 cents of every state tax dollar goes to Medicaid.
fake	If you're a small business and don't "adopt the health care plan that Senator Obama mandates, he's going to fine you."
real	David Beckhams soccer stadium would get a special tax deal that lets them off the hook for $2 million in taxes every year for 30 years.
fake	In 2000, I wrote about Osama bin Laden, Weve got to take him out.
fake	Says Obama wants to redesign the American flag "to better offer our enemies hope and love."
real	Because as a Senator Toomey stood up for Wall Street. He wanted to privatize Social Security and invest it in the stock market. Wall Street would make billions in fees even if the stock market crashed.
fake	The right-wing extremists are trying to take this seat so they can push their anti-choice and anti-equality agenda through our State House.
fake	Some of the things that (Megyn Kelly) said, I didnt say.
real	An illegal immigrant who gains admission at a public college takes class space away from students who are legal residents.
real	House Bill 2301 never had a public hearing
real	Says Kelly Ayotte voted again yesterday against a proposal to expand background checks -- (buyers) can continue to simply go online or to gun shows to purchase guns without background checks.
fake	The Texas Senate approved a bill to put a special label on the insurance cards of anyone who bought a plan through Obamacare that includes the letter S for subsidy.
fake	Wind power is the most undependable form of renewable energy.
real	Just 400 Americans -- 400 -- have more wealth than half of all Americans combined.
real	Wisconsin still ranks first among the 50 states in manufacturing jobs per capita.
real	United States of America is twenty-sixth in school performance in the world.
real	Says in our gun laws were allowing domestic abusers to sidestep this ban on getting a gun. The loophole allows a convicted abuser to walk into a gun show and walk out with a gun, no questions asked.
fake	If your plan is the result of collective bargaining, no subsequent changes by anybody -- insurance companies, Obamacare -- can force your grandfathered policy to change.
real	November 2012 was a record year of turnout. More people voted before Election Day using absentee ballots and voting early than ever before in our history.
fake	Corrupt political bosses. Money laundering. Fraud. Its just another day at the office for Vin Gopal.
real	As the CEO of HP, Carly Fiorina laid off 30,000 workers.
real	Taxpayer money will provide iPod Touch devices to high school students in Utah, BlackBerry smart phones to smokers who kick the habit and funding for a study of exotic ants in East Africa.
fake	Sen. Bob Menendez voted to enact a new tax on the sale of homes of 3.8%.
fake	The presidents come out with rules that say, No new coal-fired power plants.
fake	I can't sign money. That's illegal.
real	Says Hillary Clinton supported and continues to support fracking.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton has pledged amnesty in her first 100 days, and her plan will provide Obamacare, Social Security, and Medicare for illegal immigrants, breaking the federal budget.
real	Says he never told anyone he hated the U.S. Senate.
real	Says that under his tax plan, seniors making less than $50,000 per year won't pay any income taxes.
fake	A sign in Dearborn, Mich., for the Advancement of Islamic Agenda for America says, Allah be praised. America we will kill you all and nothing you can do to stop it.
fake	Unemployment has been on the rise throughout Wisconsin as Paul Ryan stepped up his advocacy of immigration increases.
fake	A proposed mine in Wisconsin is about two-thirds the size of Lake Winnebago.
fake	(President Barack Obama gave) half a billion in taxpayer money to help his friends at Solyndra, a business the White House knew was on the path to bankruptcy.
real	Takes credit for substantially reducing the size of the state workforce.
fake	New energy standards will take away our freedom of choice and selection in the light bulbs we have in our homes.
fake	Perry pushed for a law that lets insurance companies raise homeowners rates without having to justify the increase.
real	Sixty percent of New Jersey doctors do not accept Medicaid patients.
real	Mitt Romney boasts that he is "proud to be the only major candidate for president to sign the tax pledge. The others have not."
real	Says New Jersey has the most educated population of all the states in this country.
real	Says Oregon ranks 43rd in education.
fake	Race to the Top grants require participating states to adopt the Common Core standards as a condition for receiving federal funding.
fake	The president's plan, even after the end of its withdrawal timeline is reached, will leave in place up to 50,000 U.S. troops.
fake	Says in 2012 Obama won in every state that did not require a photo ID and lost in every state that did require a photo ID in order to vote.
real	If you are a member of union, your median weekly income is roughly $200 more than if you are a nonunion member, and that doesnt include benefits.
real	Most people in New Hampshire want to raise the minimum wage. (State Rep. Marilinda) Garcia opposes it.
fake	Today gasoline hit $6 a gallon in Florida.
real	In order to pass the CRCT in Georgia, you simply have to get half of the answers correct.
real	Says President Barack Obama said that if he doesnt turn the economy around after three years in office, hell be a one-term president.
fake	And the #jerseycomeback keeps rolling! Thanks to @GovChristie NJ now has lowest corruption risk of any state.
fake	The number of illegal immigrants could be 3 million. It could be 30 million.
real	Says the majority of Americans support gay marriage.
real	Says NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell interviewed domestic abuse victim Janay Rice with Ray Rice present and for every domestic violence agency, every law enforcement agency, thats a no-no.
fake	Under my platform, I will make no changes to the current (Medicare) system for current retirees and anyone approaching retirement.
fake	GOP candidate for governor Nathan Deal is a former Clinton Democrat.
real	Under Gov. Tom Corbett, Pennsylvania ranks 49th in job creation.
real	After today, @GovJayNixon will have been overridden more times than all previous governors in #MO history #moleg
real	Says every school will be negatively impacted if Education Stability Fund is not tapped.
fake	Barack Obama and Joe Biden oppose new drilling at home and oppose nuclear power.
fake	When asked by a reporter whether hes at the center of a criminal scheme to violate campaign laws, Gov. Scott Walker nodded yes.
real	Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid "said, quote, 'I can't stand John McCain.' "
fake	SaysPresident Obama is using executive actions to impose gun control on the nation, targeting the top-selling rifle in the country ... with a ban on one of the most-used assault rifle bullets.
real	While fat-cat bureaucrats at the Department of Education are getting paid an average salary of $102,000 a year, teachers in Georgia are getting paid half of that.
fake	Tim Kaine wants to thwart right-to-work reform measures in Midwest battleground states.
fake	Says over the last two years, New Jersey Schools Development Authority employees have not started or completed one single school project, and Im not talking about major school renovation. Im talking about replacing boilers, roofs.
fake	School children can earn higher grades by studying Islam under a new nationwide Muslim outreach program announced by President Barack Obama.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton doesnt believe in your right to keep a gun at home for self-defense.
fake	Another one he should veto is the SCHIP program, which he should say 'Take the C out of, because now it's for everybody, like every other entitlement program.'
real	The unemployment rate for folks whove never gone to college is almost double what it is for those who have.
real	Theres just one piece of legislation that is now law with Sen. Ted Cruzsname on it.
real	In Wisconsin, unions can essentially give unlimited contributions to political parties, but business cant give any.
fake	In 2005 and 2007, Joe Straus received a 100 percent rating by NARAL (the National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League).
fake	The Climatic Research Unit e-mails show that the science behind climate change has been pretty well debunked.
real	Says DonaldTrump got, you know, $1.8 billion worth of free media. I got, like, none.
fake	We have trade agreements with 20 countries, and we have trade surpluses with each one of those 20.
real	Women receive only 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
real	In Galveston, Texas, they have allowed people to privatize part of their Social Security. And people are building wealth.
real	(Deborah) Ross defends those who want to burn the American flag, and even called efforts to ban flag-burning ridiculous, yet refused to help a disabled veteran fly the flag.
fake	When the country was founded, Congress had exactly the same attitude about the sanctity of Christmas celebrations that a 7-Eleven does today: Yeah, were open.
fake	Page 992 of the health care bill will establish school-based 'health' clinics. Your children will be indoctrinated and your grandchildren may be aborted!
real	Ive been through four campaigns and have not done any negative campaigning.
real	Amiddle-class family donates $1 to charity, they get 15 cents off their income tax. Bill Gates donates $1 to charity, he takes 35 cents off his income tax.
real	We have an 80 percent graduation rate in high school after spending more per student than any country in the world other than Liechtenstein, I think, or Luxembourg and a couple other small countries.
real	At the beginning of World War II, we had a relatively small army, smaller than Portugals.
fake	On assault weapon violence: Ducks have more protection than people in Virginia.
fake	Youve been tremendously deceived by people who say the Earth is not flat.
fake	Says she is a registered nurse.
real	Wisconsin is 38th in the country in terms of proficiency standards in student testing.
real	Says the Republican Party platform says pull back even more of the rules on campaign finance reform, get rid of McCain-Feingold while the Democratic Party platform says we want to find a way to put more fair rules on campaign finance reform.
real	Says 600,000 to 700,000 government workers have been laid off in the last year and a half
fake	Says that politicians who approved collective bargaining restrictions for public employees exploited a loophole exempting themselves from Senate Bill 5.
fake	Forcing Americans off of their current health coverage and onto a government-run plan isn't the answer, but that's exactly what the Democrats' plan would do.
fake	What we have now is the most generous, in my opinion, good time bill in the entire United States.
fake	Sherrod Brown opposed blocking a new EPA emissions rule, despite acknowledging that the EPAs cap-and-trade regulations are burdensome and could harm economic growth in Ohio.
real	Obamacare is not a popular law.
real	State governments have little ability to stimulate job growth in the short run.
fake	Veterans can now download their electronic medical records with a click of the mouse.
real	A regulatory thing means you cant show someone drinking beer on camera.
fake	Ive also offered a plan that can help (fix Social Security) thats supported by Robert Reich, secretary of labor previously, in a previous administration.
fake	Says Thomas Jefferson said that government is best which governs least.
fake	Red light camera installed to promote public safety.
real	Says that when he first ran for office in the late 1980s, there were still folks who didnt have phone service. Soon Id helped ensure that everyone in North Florida could access a dial tone.
fake	The Jewish holiday Purim is "their version of Halloween here."
real	Illegal immigrants currently occupy 8 million jobs.
real	Peachtree and Pine is one of the leading sites for tuberculosis in the nation.
real	President Obama took more money from Wall Street in the 2008 campaign than anybody ever had.
real	Florida is one of the few states that has actually had a narrowing of the achievement gap based on income, or based on race or ethnicity.
real	For every one mile of light-rail track that will be built, 16 miles of new road capacity will be built.
real	Congress as a whole is less popular than its been since polling was invented.
real	Currently, we're at 36 percent of our children born out of wedlock.
fake	West Linn has one of the highest per capita rates of home-based businesses in the United States.
fake	Everything I have said (on the campaign trail) has been factually accurate.
fake	Says Alaska Sen. Mark Begich is on record supporting a carbon tax, even pushing Harry Reid to make it a priority.
real	If you go back to 1999, Wayne LaPierre testified on behalf of the NRA that background checks were appropriate and should be done.
real	In the state legislature, I supported Second Amendment rights.
fake	The number of illegal immigrants in the United States is 30 million, it could be 34 million.
real	The U.S. loses more on tax breaks than it collects in personal income taxes.
real	A Texas police department bought an ad telling drug dealers, We can take your competition off the streets for FREE.
real	We have a system now where in 40 states, the highest-paid public employee is the state universitys head football or basketball coach.
fake	TheAffordable Care Actalters the sensible doctor-patient-relationship-centered health care program ... we see today.
real	Rhode Islands state pension system underperformed the median three out of the four years that Mr. [Frank] Caprio was in office.
real	My 7-step plan creates 700,000 jobs in 7 years.
fake	Says 11 straight years of no major hurricanes striking land in the United States bores a hole right through the whole climate change argument.
fake	Rick Scott got a majority of the Hispanic vote in Florida.
real	Says Mary Burkes Madison school district will be the only school district left in the state to ignore the (Act 10) law in the 2015-16 school year.
real	Youve got each day 10,000 new seniors, baby boomers, becoming eligible for the entitlement programs.
fake	Obama "shunned the opportunity to talk to soldiers to thank them for their service."
fake	As has been noted by many observers, including Bill Clinton's former secretary of labor, my plan does more than anybody to reduce costs.
real	The Confederate battle flag at the South Carolina statehouse must fly at a height of 30 feet. Any changes -- taken down, or even at half-staff, if that can be done -- must be passed by a supermajority of the General Assembly.
fake	Governor Christie also remains the only Governor since World War II, among both Democrats and Republicans, who failed to have his party win control of at least one legislative body over the course of his term.
fake	Although Democrats represent only 10 of Florida's 25 districts, their districts received 60 percent of the stimulus funds.
fake	Sen. Sherrod Browns vote helped pass Barack Obamas job-killing health care law, which slapped small businesses throughout Ohio with a $500 billion tax increase.
real	McCain, "voted against renewable sources of energy, against biofuels, against solar power, against wind power.... "
real	In Texas, schools do not even have to teach sex education.
real	Since Volvo spurned Georgia for South Carolina in early May, some 3,455 jobs promising more than $800 million in investments have come to the Peach State.
real	A little less than 50 percent of the people in this country depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them.
fake	The weight of the evidence (on global warming) is that most of it, maybe all of it, is because of natural causes ... its fair to say the science is in dispute.
fake	The new health care law will force seniors into Barack Obamas government-run health care program.
real	January through November 2014, the year so far, were the hottest first 11 months of any year recorded.
fake	Says the Koch brothers funded the fight to let flood insurance premiums soar ... Now theyre spending millions to buy a Senate seat for Bill Cassidy so he can fight for them.
fake	Did you know that in 2013 over 50 percent of all babies born in Oregon were Hispanic?
fake	Says the first word spoken from the moon was Houston.
real	Georgia has the 9th highest rate of adults, ages 18 to 64, without a high school diploma or GED.
fake	Texas #2 in nation for new gun purchases, behind California.
fake	Rob Cornilles has been endorsed by 20 local mayors, including Independent, Democratic and Republican.
fake	...Secret documents reveal that Iran could obtain a nuclear weapon far sooner than we were told. And Tammy Duckworth voted yes (on the Iran nuclear deal).
fake	All of Floridas four-year state colleges now offer bachelors degrees for only $10,000.
real	... following World War II war crime trials were convened. The Japanese were tried and convicted and hung for war crimes committed against American POWs. Among those charges for which they were convicted was waterboarding.
real	That luxury jet was over the top. I put it on eBay.
real	Under a law proposed by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker, businesses that move into Wisconsin dont have to pay any taxes on their income for two years.
real	Texas added more jobs in 2010 than any other state.
real	In 2011, Milwaukee Public Schools will provide 77 cents in employee benefits for every dollar it spends on wages.
real	Under Barack Obama's health care proposal, "if you've got a health care plan that you like, you can keep it."
real	Says proposed teacher contract would layer on more restrictive rules.
fake	Texas is one of only a handful of states that does not have an equal pay law.
real	The Milwaukee business community did not speak about the facts -- and in support of train manufacturer Talgo -- as the Milwaukee-Madison rail link was being killed.
fake	Michael Bennet cast the deciding vote for the stimulus and the health care bill.
fake	Many just call him Lyin Ted. ... HisTV ad about John Kasich? Lie! Stations had to pull it off the air.
fake	Report: 3 million votes in presidential election cast by illegal aliens.
real	Says Barack Obamas comments indicate he believes in redistribution of wealth.
real	There has never been an alderman who has defeated an incumbent mayor in the history of this great city.
real	The (New England) Patriots were led by an explosive offense that scored the second most points in the NFL.
fake	Says Denzel Washington supports Donald Trump and speaks out against Barack Obama.
real	There are approximately 20,000 annual gun purchases in Rhode Island.
real	Thirteen hundred applicants in Rhode Island signed up for insurance through Obamacare.
real	Goldman Sachs was Barack Obama's "No. 1 private contributor."
fake	Reporters rehearse questions with White House press (secretary).
fake	Langevin has been the most reliable vote for Speaker Pelosi.
fake	If the U.S. stops adding to the Strategic Petroleum Reserve, it "will lessen worldwide demand for oil" and reduce prices.
fake	There are nearly 500,000 registered sex offenders across the country and at any one time about 100,000 are unaccounted for.
real	We have about six school districts that are in school 140 to 150 days this year.
fake	Says Donald Trumps presidential victory was an electoral landslide.
fake	Says Hawaii Gov. Neil Abercrombie made a late-night visit to Kinkos to forge President Barack Obamas birth certificate two days before Obama unveiled it to the media.
fake	You know what Truman said, You want a friend in Washington, buy a dog.
real	Says he earned the highest possible credit ratings as state treasurer.
real	Thanks in part to our all-of-the-above strategy for American energy, the United States generates more natural gas than anybody.
real	The president promised to close the space gap, but he now seems intent on repeating the events that created the space gap in the first place -- putting in place a new rocket design and then trying to underfund the effort...
fake	The health care reform plan would set limits similar to the socialized system in Britain, where people are allowed to die if their treatment would cost more than $22,000.
fake	Michelle Obama ordered $400 worth of lobster and caviar at a New York hotel.
fake	Congressman Patrick Murphy voted to keep the scandal-ridden IRS in charge of enforcing Obamacare.
real	The original compromise for the Confederate battle flag in South Carolina was to put it on the back side of the statehouse, out of public view so it would not have any appearance of sovereignty.
fake	For the last decade the climate has been cooling.
fake	On releasing photographs depicting the abuse of prisoners.
fake	Says Barack Obama endorsed a total ban on the manufacture, sale and possession of all handguns.
real	The lawyer who brought the case against NationsBank said publicly that Alex Sink had nothing to do with the case, had nothing to do with the situation and didnt know about the problems.
fake	The (border) fence is now basically complete.
fake	Any government-run 'public' plan ... forces more employers to drop employee coverage due to rising costs and pay an additional 8% payroll tax for each worker.
fake	The Recovery Act saved 60,000 jobs among law enforcement officials, firefighters in the state of Florida, plus another 20,000 educators.
fake	Under the Cash for Clunkers program, all we've got to do is ... go to a local junkyard, all you've got to do is tow it to your house. And you're going to get $4,500.
real	Since President Obama took office, 2 million jobs. Gone.
real	Sen. Obama's chair in New Hampshire is a lobbyist. He lobbies for the drug companies.
real	If you got rid of the income tax today you'd have about as much revenue as we had 10 years ago.
fake	Recent studies have confirmed that any academic benefits of government funded preschool disappear by the fourth grade.
fake	Van Jones is an avowed, self-avowed radical revolutionary communist.
fake	Because theres no local option to allow communities to ban, limit or restrict the location of pot shops, if Amendment 2 passes you can expect the seedy elements of the pot industry to move in right next door to your neighborhood, your church, your business and even your childs school.
real	Americans now spend 100 days out of the year working for government before we even start working for ourselves.
fake	The significant drop in Floridas unemployment rate is a good economic sign.
real	Says Obama adviser David Plouffe took large piles of cash from a joint venture partner of a company owned by Irans Revolutionary Guard.
real	More than 70,000 job openings are listed on a state jobs website.
fake	The @nytimes states today that DJT believes more countries should acquire nuclear weapons. How dishonest are they. I never said this!
fake	The cheerleaders for the Dallas Cowboys have entertained more troops in the world than Bob Hope.
fake	This (Ebola) is not as bad as SARSwas in 2003.
fake	The health care reform bill would make it mandatory absolutely require that every five years people in Medicare have a required counseling session that will tell them how to end their life sooner.
real	Says he posted a win in the Republican Party of Wisconsin endorsement contest in the U.S. Senate primary.
real	If Texas were a country our economy would rank # 10...in the WORLD.
fake	During the Monica Lewinsky scandal, the Clintons brought the Rev. Jeremiah Wright to the White House for "spiritual counseling."
fake	There is no clinical evidence that vaccinating healthcare workers protects patients.
fake	OShaughnessy even voted for her own personal stimulus package -- a taxpayer-funded pay raise for herself.
fake	Two-thirds of American families rely on the mothers income to stay above the poverty level.
real	Says opponent Ted Cruz has not led businesses.
fake	Q: What do these Patriotic Americans have in common? A: They are all Draft Dodgers.
real	Says allowing the payroll tax holiday to expire would end up costing another estimated 900,000 jobs in 2012.
real	Point Pleasant Beach does not own its beaches; they are privately owned and operated by businesses such as Jenkinsons
fake	Says JoAnne Kloppenburgs side had a 3-to-1 money advantage in the Wisconsin Supreme Court campaign.
real	Says President Barack Obamas approval rating gained 3 points in the last couple months.
real	Virginia now is the number one exporter of (agricultural) products to Cuba. We have now jumped to number one.
fake	The health care numbers are going up.
fake	On whether the governor of Massachusetts should be able to appoint an interim U.S. senator
fake	Says Hillary Clintons health care plan from the 1990s had a broader provision in favor of corporate right to back out of providing contraceptive coverage than the one created by the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court decision.
fake	As Florida secretary of state, Kurt Browning allowed 1,800 illegal voters to register in Florida.
real	Says if you are on your bike in a crosswalk, all you have to do is dip your wheel into the road and cars must legally stop.
real	Polling shows that nearly 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support requiring background checks for all gun sales.
fake	Donald Trump has described Hillary Clinton as one of the best secretaries of state in history.
real	In 2012, Wall Street gave Scott Brown more campaign contributions than any other candidate -- $5.3 million.
real	[W]e see Americas prison population exploding, with America having a greater percentage of its people behind bars than any other nation in the world!
real	Figures for September 2014s job growth in Wisconsin mark the largest private-sector job creation weve had in the month of September in more than a decade
real	Most women, including 98 percent of Catholic women, have used contraception.
real	States with the highest gun ownership rates also have the highest suicide rates.
real	I haven't missed a vote since 1993.
real	Before 2005, the percentage of Texas high school students meeting the college readiness standards of the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board stood at 28% in English and 42% in math. Those figures stood at 65% and 66% in 2013.
fake	Oregons three largest employers, and 13 of the top 25, are health care providers.
real	Florida is second in the nation in the uninsured.
fake	Says Nevada lawmakers voted to allow teenaged boys to shower with your teenaged girls in public school locker rooms.
fake	Remember that developers are forced to use the 195 land union contractors, so tap an extra $10 million into any construction project.
fake	Says Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garlandvoted, so the folks know, in Washington, D.C., to keep guns away from private citizens.
fake	Says Houston is home to more doctors, more nurses, more researchers than any other place in the world.
fake	Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is denying Democrats the right to vote.
real	The majority support (raising) the minimum wage.
fake	You dont have to be as smart as a fifth-grader to know what causes the climate is the sun. The sun. I have people tell me, Carbon dioxide warms the Earth. No, it doesnt. The sun warms the Earth.
fake	Says Gov. Mike Pence and Rep. Mike Coffman take the same positions on a number of things... Coffman and Pence oppose equal rights for LGBT Americans.
fake	What is the proper collective noun for a group of baboons? Believe it or not . . . a Congress!
fake	He (Obama) has done several things well. Most of those things are places where he changed his view from where he had during the campaign. So, for instance, he's left our troops in Iraq and they're being more successful there. He boosted our effort in Afghanistan, which is the right course to take. He did not close Guantanamo, thank heavens.
real	Says Ann Kirkpatrick votes with her party nearly 90 percent of the time.
fake	After the attack on a U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi,Libya,the ambassadors body was dragged through the street.
real	We lose an average of 90 Americans every day because of guns.
real	Has created 60,000 net new jobs since taking office.
fake	Says Barack Obama admits hes coming for our guns, telling Sarah Brady, We are working on (gun control), but under the radar.
real	Obama voted to support President Bush between 40 and 50 percent of the time over the past two years.
real	Four out of 10 homicides are committed by gun in this city.
real	In July 1996, Mitt Romney helped locate the missing teenage daughter of a partner at Bain Capital.
real	Says, In Oregon in 2010, 49 percent of all pregnancies were unintended.
real	Says Patrick Murphy embellished, according to reports, his University of Miami academic achievement.
real	Nearly 20% of our residents are born abroad.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton has been a champion of globalist trade agreements. ... Worst of all, they are now pushing the disastrous 5,000-page Obamatrade the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement.
fake	[Renewable energy] projects . . . get us off foreign oil and away, step by step, from these foreign entanglements that we have to get into to defend our oil supply.
fake	Says he won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally.
fake	A clause hidden in the Obamacare bill, which is now law, gives Obama the right to form a private army.
fake	Says Ted Cruz never denied his father was photographedwith Lee Harvey Oswald.
real	BP is setting up claims offices throughout the state.
fake	Says the number-one source of illegal immigration is people legally coming to the United States on a tourist visa or a student visa and then disappearing into the population and never being heard from again.
real	Palin supports "aerial hunting of wolves and other wildlife."
real	A DeKalb sewer project will create up to 4,000 direct jobs per year at peak production, many of which will be set aside exclusively for DeKalb residents.
fake	Mark Kirk: Lied about going to war. Opposed middle class tax cuts. And said unemployments not that big an issue.
real	Under President Barack Obamas leadership, since June 2009, (the auto) industry has added a quarter of a million jobs.
fake	Mr. Warren compared same-sex couples to incest.
real	There are only about 10 people in the United States Senate who have any real business experience.
real	There was a recent report out that the premiums for Medicare and the payroll withholdings are only paying about half the program. So it is not financially solvent.
real	Says Tennessees higher education funding model is 100 percent outcomes-based and we are already seeing this model changing the way our postsecondary institutions do business.
fake	Denali is the Kenyan word for black power.
fake	The Taliban has been there for years and years, I mean, hundreds of thousands of years.
fake	Over 73% of all donations raised (from the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge) are going to fundraising, overhead, executive salaries, and external donations.
real	Providence graduation rates are up.
fake	The only candidate pocketing big money from people who want to destroy coal is Mitch McConnell.
fake	President Barack Obama, Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid support Rick Perrys decision to give in-state tuition to illegal immigrants.
fake	In New York City, an entry level janitor gets paid twice as much as an entry level teacher.
real	Says the foreman of the jury that convicted him was a Greenpeace activist.
real	Most voters prefer zombies to the current U.S. Congress.
fake	We have constitutional amendment that says that there's a ban on drilling right off Florida's coast.
fake	Says a $12.5 million incentive deal she approved for Abbott Laboratories contained strong protections for taxpayers if job creation goals were not met.
fake	Ed Gillespie supports a personhood amendment.
fake	With a stroke of a pen, the (U.S. Supreme Court) decided to overrule the 100-year-old ban on corporate expenditures.
fake	If an individual is determined to commit suicide, the availability of a gun is not a factor because they will find a way.
real	A gay man who survived #orlando hate crime can STILL show up to work in FL tomorrow and have his boss fire him simply because he is gay.
fake	Of those 850,000 (new Texas) jobs, most were public-sector jobs and minimum-wage jobs.
real	During a town hall meeting on health care, "ABC didn't even allow ads that opposed the president's health care plan to be aired."
real	Starting in December 2007, 1.4 million jobs were created in Texas. In that same period, the rest of the country lost 400,000 jobs.
real	The gun epidemic is the leading cause of death of young African-American men, more than the next nine causes put together.
real	A Penn State University study found that electronic cigarettes . . . are far less addictive than cigarettes.
real	Says Ohios economic recovery started in February 2010.
fake	State budget cuts for local schools resulted in nearly 4,000 educator layoffs
fake	I fought hard for that (state Senate) seat. I only lost by four points. I raised over $700,000.
real	In Massachusetts, half of the primary care doctors are not accepting new patients.
real	Under current law, if you go on a dating website and you say youre 32 and youre actually 42, youve committed a misdemeanor.
fake	The New England Journal of Medicine released a survey the week that President Obama signed Obamacare stating that over 30 percent of American physicians would leave the profession if the government took over health care.
fake	FACT: Nothing in #Obamacare forces people out of their health plans.
real	Why is January 8th an important date in American history? This day in 1835 is the only day in our history when we have not been in debt.
real	Says people who signed recall petitions against Wisconsin state Sen. Jim Holperin received harassing phone calls from out-of-state telemarketers claiming to represent the Democratic Party and insinuating foul play by petition circulators.
real	Says Gov. Charlie Crist has called him "a rock star."
real	We have empowered state insurance commissioners to review the rate hikes that are taking place in states. And in some states like North Carolina, they have already used it and rolled back premium increases by 25 percent.
real	Obama worked with "Sen. Dick Lugar, a Republican, to help lock down loose nuclear weapons."
real	No candidate has run more negative ads in American history than Barack Obama did in 2008, especially in the general.
real	Says she introduced a ban on "dirty dancing."
fake	Beaverton enjoys the most diverse population (by percentage of population) among Oregon cities.
fake	He has ushered in $3 billion in new investment.
fake	So that 2005 energy bill was a big step backwards on the path to clean, renewable energy. That's why I voted against it.
fake	Says the president of the University of Texas has raised four-year student graduation rates to 75 percent.
fake	Says Milwaukee County buses are no less safe now than a year or two ago.
real	Georgia has led the nation in student fatalities caused by motorists illegally passing stopped school buses.
fake	Sens. Mark Warner and Tim Kaine voted to let the U.N. take OUR guns.
fake	Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders have the identical position on health care, which is they want to put the government in charge of you and your doctor.
real	Pasco County schools have graduation rates substantially higher than the state average and dropout rates below the state average.
real	Says 90 percent of Americans and 74 percent of National Rifle Association members support background checks of gun purchasers.
fake	Building and running the Atlanta Streetcar is projected to create 1,399 jobs.
real	Says Paul Ryan is still endorsing Trump.
real	Michael Thurmond authored major legislation that has provided more than $250 million in tax relief to Georgias senior citizens and working families.
real	Says Barack Obama has played nearly 100 rounds of golf as president.
fake	Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz voted repeatedly to send terminally ill patients to prison.
fake	Says the Treasury Department says 41 percent of all business income reported on individual returns would be hit by the [millionaires] surtax that would harm small businessmen and women, the very people we are counting on to create new jobs.
fake	Mark Warner cast the tiebreaking vote to pass Obamacare.
fake	Proof of citizenship isnt necessary before you register to vote in Florida.
fake	A strong bipartisan majority in the House of Representatives voted to defund Obamacare.
fake	Barack Obama has never even worked in business.
real	Says Patrick Murphy supports a gun ban on commonly owned semi-automatic firearms used for hunting, recreational shooting and self defense.
real	What do Rutgers University, Kean University, Montclair State University, New Jersey City University, Stockton College, Rowan University and William Paterson all have in common? They all graduate less than 50 percent of their students within four years.
real	Sayvideo shows massive alligator strolling across Florida golf course.
real	Now remember, property taxes went up 70 percent in the 10 years before I became governor.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton has been in office and in government longer than anybody else running here tonight.
real	McCain intervened on behalf of Charles Keating with federal regulators... that allowed Keating to continue his fraud at an incredible cost to taxpayers.
real	Says most of Perrys chiefs of staff have been lobbyists.
real	Since 2000, only 10 cases of in-person voter fraud have been proven nationally.
fake	U.S. Rep. John Barrows plan puts the IRS in charge of your health care.
fake	Says Donald Trump has the second-highest disapproval ratings of anyone running for president.
fake	No one claims the report vindicating New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in the bridge scandal is conclusive.
real	Rick Perry has become a millionaire on the public payroll.
fake	Theres a mosque inside of the Pentagon.
real	There is nothing in the current state public records law that prohibits sensitive or confidential business information from being just that, confidential.
real	Agriculture contributes $71 billion to Georgias economy annually, making it the states largest industry.
fake	Cicilline continues to accept hundreds of thousands of dollars in lobbyist, corporate PAC and insider money to fund his campaign.
fake	She is the only candidate who has stood by our community and immigration reform from the beginning.
real	Says Jennifer Horn, chairwoman of the N.H. Republican Party, owes $92,000 in back taxes.
real	Have the suburbs been inundated with former residents of Atlanta housing projects? Absolutely not.
fake	New tax increases that went into effect on Jan.1, 2015, all passed under the Affordable Care Act, aka Obamacare.
fake	If the Sellwood Bridge is not replaced, it will have to be shut down within eight years.
real	Our graduation rate is the highest it's ever been.
real	Under the federal Controlled Substance Act, marijuana is listed in the same Schedule I as heroin, even though marijuana is not a killer drug like heroin.
real	Says Trump shirts are made in Bangladesh, Trump suits in Mexico, Trump Vodka in the Netherlands, Trump crystal barware in Slovenia and his cufflinks and ties in China.
real	On allowing a vote on universal gun background checks in the U.S. Senate.
fake	Wisconsin has created just under 100,000 jobs since he took office.
fake	As a result of Chris Sununus vote against a Planned Parenthood contract, nearly 3,000 fewer women and families statewide accessed health care for birth control, cancer screenings and annual exams.
fake	I have a perfect voting record from organizations like the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the American Legion and all the other veterans service organizations.
fake	If youre from Guatemala and you are found illegally in Mexico, you are automatically jailed.
fake	Starting in 2011, "you will be required to pay taxes" on "the value of whatever health insurance you are given by the company."
fake	Do this research watch how much crime picks up if you take away [football].
real	Says Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a female impersonator.
real	Florida is the largest dog-racing state in the country.
fake	On (Tom) Wolfs watch, taxes were high, killing 100,000 PA jobs.
fake	For the first time since 1990, American manufacturers are creating new jobs.
real	Nearly 2,000 high schools - roughly 12 percent of all secondary schools in the United States - produce about half of the nations dropouts.
fake	Over the past eight years, black youth unemployment is up.
real	Here are the stats: Per population, we kill each other with guns at a rate 297x more than Japan, 49x more than France, 33x more than Israel.
fake	Says the Donald J.Trump Foundations money is his money.
real	To give the proposed economic stimulus plan some perspective, "if you started the day Jesus Christ was born and spent $1 million every day since then, you still wouldnt have spent $1 trillion."
fake	The U.S. Supreme Court is five guys who start determining what contraceptions are legal.
real	Says President Barack Obama has taken 92 days of vacation since he was sworn in, compared to 367 for President George W. Bush at the same point in his presidency.
fake	My opponent in November of 2008 sent a missive to the White House, to President Obama-elect, and said, Heres how you need to sell cap-and-trade to the American people.
real	Says Scott Brown voted with President Barack Obama 70 percent of the time in 2011.
fake	The Affordable Care Act is not the law of the land.
fake	Iowa has the fourth fastest-growing personal income in the United States, while nationally, the real wage has decreased over the past eight years that Congressman (Bruce) Braley has been there by 2.7 percent.
real	Independent voters have a ten-point margin in favor of Mitt Romney right now.
real	Rhode Islanders pay among the highest auto repair bills in the nation.
real	McCain got more money from Airbus' U.S. executives than any other politician.
fake	In New York City, murders are up.
real	Electric utility FirstEnergys annual revenues are greater than the GDP of Haiti, Kyrgyzstan, Iceland, or 15 African nations.
fake	A Texas law says that you cant shoot bears out of the second floor of a window.
real	Says businesses already pay most of the taxes.
fake	Barack Obama's health care plan is "to mandate health care coverage and have a universal government-run program."
real	Georgias CRCT set some of the lowest expectations for student proficiency in the nation.
real	Even after Obamacare is fully implemented, there still will be tens of millions of people not covered.
fake	From Obama's book: "I found a solace in nursing a pervasive sense of grievance and animosity against my mother's race."
real	Factories are opening their doors at the fastest pace in almost two decades.
fake	Members of Congress can retire with the same pay after only one term in office
fake	Federal stimulus money went to a Georgia Tech project that will apparently involve the professor jamming with world-renowned musicians to hopefully also create satisfying works of art.
real	Every day, 34 Americans are murdered with guns.
fake	Government employees make 43 percent more in wages and benefits than private-sector workers.
fake	Hillary Clinton invented ISIS with her stupid policies. She is responsible for ISIS.
fake	Vern Buchanan has been completely exonerated in a Federal Election Commission action.
fake	The number of Americans who receive means-tested government benefits -- welfare -- now outnumbers those who are year-round full-time workers.
real	If Florida had not taken the stimulus, it would have led to the firing of 20,000 teachers.
fake	Portland Public Schools invites well-paid, well-fed school bureaucrats, administrators, teachers, other staff, non-needy students, affluent parents of students, and other adults, including on the other extreme the adult homeless, illegal aliens, fanatical Muslim terrorists, or drug addicted street people, to enjoy cheap breakfasts in taxpayer-paid school facilities amidst school children.
real	Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on his support for President Reagans policies.
real	The United States has a low voter turnout rate.
fake	Chris Jacobs has been financed by the same men who are now facing charges in one of Western New Yorks largest public corruption schemes
fake	Eighty-five percent of every dollar donated to the Clinton Foundation ended up either with the Clintons or with their staff to pay for travel, salaries, and benefits. Fifteen cents of every dollar actually went to some charitable beneficiary.
fake	Says Democratic opponent is too Republican to stand up for us.
fake	About 78 to 81 House Democrats are members of the Communist Party. ... Its called the Congressional Progressive Caucus.
real	Under President Barack Obamas jobs bill, you can sue if you are unemployed and dont get the job and think you werent hired because you are unemployed.
real	Says Mitt Romney has said we dont need more firemen, more policemen, more teachers.
real	We supported the first new nuclear power plant in three decades.
fake	In the past 20 years, Egypt has made great strides in political and democratic reform.
real	The national economic recovery has led to higher than expected tax revenues and projected budget surpluses in nearly every state in the nation, including Wisconsin.
real	By 2006, the American people were overwhelmingly against the Iraq War.
real	In fiscal year 2011-2012, 4,191 abortions were paid for by taxpayers via the Oregon Health Plan.
real	I have filed every disclosure that has ever been required.
fake	The sequester is not something that Ive proposed. It is something that Congress has proposed.
real	Three courts have found the new health care law constitutional and two have found it unconstitutional.
real	Says that in 2011, Oregon had the second fastest growing economy in the nation.
real	Says she is entering in the most diverse class ever, of U.S. Representatives
fake	A measure to repeal the states prevailing wage law would make it easier for state contractors to hire illegal workers for Wisconsin construction jobs through an illegal worker loophole in the state budget.
real	I am the only candidate that has endorsed Bernie Sanders for President. In PA, Ive got Bernies back.
real	Says Rick Scott didnt even come to his own education summit. But he did take time to go to the tea party convention the same week.
real	Says that in the 1985 election former Gov. Tom Kean had the largest winning margin for a gubernatorial candidate in Jersey history.
fake	Says Rick Perry is the guy that tracked down Democratic legislators who fled Texas in 2003.
fake	The Obama administration "was successful in rushing a massive spending bill through Congress in just two days after which it sat on the president's desk for three days, while he was away on vacation."
fake	Despite claims that you can keep the health care plan you like, the Obama Administration has predicted that as many as 7 out of 10 Americans with employer-provided health coverage could lose their current health plan.
real	No other Northeastern state has passed a photo ID law
real	Says a portfolio managed by the Texas General Land Office earned 22 percent last year while the states emergency reserve account experienced a 1 percent gain.
real	Were within 600 miles of 60 percent of America. Were in a perfect location.
real	The black unemployment rate (has) increased since the recovery has begun.
fake	Sheldon Whitehouse [got] a secret closed-door briefing, warning of the [2008 economic] crash.
fake	I never said that Marco Rubio was Mark Zuckerbergs personal senator.
fake	Eric Cantor took $5 million from Sheldon Adelson, a Las Vegas casino owner.
fake	We have a guy who is going to be speaker of the House in four years, and his name has been on the ballot one time.
fake	If it werent for me (illegal immigration) wouldnt even be a big subject.
real	Georgia is one of three states that effectively have no regulations whatsoever on lobbyists giving to legislators.
real	Under former President George W. Bushs administration while the population in that period grew by 10 percent, the number of jobs in the nation grew by 1 percent.
real	A million people could get health insurance right away if Texas expanded Medicaid under Obamacare.
fake	A bill to save teacher jobs is completely paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes.
fake	An independent payment advisory board created by in the health care reform law is like a Medicare IRS with the power to cut Medicare in order to pay for new government programs.
real	Food stamp spending doubled under President Bush, doubled again under President Obama.
fake	On same-sex marriage
fake	Says that three of these five Republicans -- Ben Westlund, Rob Patridge, Max Williams, Lane Shetterly, Lynn Lundquist -- later became Democrats.
fake	The Obama administration will give Pennsylvania $160 million to pay for health insurance plans that cover any legal abortion.
fake	Make no mistake -- Sherrod Brown is one of the main D.C. politicians responsible for Ohio jobs moving to China.
real	(Mary) Burkes company, Trek Bicycles, makes 99% of their bikes overseas.
fake	There are a multitude of vaccines that do not prevent deadly and crippling diseases.
real	Says Senate candidate Katie McGinty made thousands from companies she previously regulated.
fake	Dan Patrick changed his name from Danny Goeb to hide from his debts.
fake	A proposed regional transportation tax will last a minimum of 10 years, and has been approved to last longer.
real	Says he said last year theres absolutely no reason for Texas to secede.
fake	To abide by Environmental Protection Agency rules when mining or drilling you have to take caution not to disturb bodies of water barely bigger than a puddle.
fake	Says Ohio Gov. John Kasich got lucky with a thing called fracking, which is why Ohio is doing well.
real	Arizona schools rank 45th in the nation, dead last in funding per student.
real	Says that unlike Texas, Missouri has a perfect AAA credit rating.
fake	You lie! (in response to President Obama saying health reform would not insure illegal immigrants.)
real	Georgia has the fifth-highest number of uninsured people of any state in the union.
fake	So many people were critical of Secretary (John) Kerry going to Paris and talking with Hamas, because Kerry was seen as supporting Hamas to the exclusion of the Arab League.
real	Atmospheric conditions could push a footballs pressure down approximately one-and-a-half pounds per square inch.
real	Young veterans have a higher unemployment rate than people who didnt serve.
fake	Says rabid animals from other states carry different strains of rabies that Florida vaccines and serums dont affect.
real	Since 2008, U.S. crude oil output has increased by over 80 percent, an increase of over 4 million barrels a day. That is the fastest increase in U.S. history.
fake	Kip Kinkel and Clackamas Town Center shootings both where citizen with gun stopped the crime
fake	Im not a conspiracy theorist and I never allow conspiracy theorists on my program.
real	I think [a little] less than half of the people in our prisons are in there for less than a year. ... We have people who are check kiters and dont pay child support and we are locking them up in the state pen.
fake	While Mayor Kenney personally doesnt support DROP, he cant fault highly qualified city employees for appropriately utilizing a benefit thats available to them.
real	Whether you like to admit it or not, half our general revenue goes to education.
fake	Says Gov. Rick Perry is spending Texans hard-earned money to live like Louie XIV.
fake	Says in regard to providing more tax cuts for the rich, Bill Pascrell said, Republicans had great ideas. I liked some of their ideas.
fake	Says Marco Rubio voted to deport young people known as Dreamers.
real	The two worst counties for (Medicaid) fraud in the country -- not state -- are Dade and Broward county.
fake	Mitt Romney did not run his campaign on the basis of arguing his experience in the business world was a reason to vote for him.
real	The murder rate in Atlanta is on the rise this year.
real	The United States has experienced 40 straight months of unemployment at 8 percent or higher.
real	Says American polling shows Russian President Vladimir Putin has an 80 percent approval rating.
fake	Obama "remains silent" and "is never asked how he feels about his church honoring Farrakhan."
fake	I remember landing under sniper fire.
real	Only 50 percent of students from Milwaukee public high schools go on to a two-or four-year college.
fake	Says Barack Obama supported Ted Kennedys ammo ban to outlaw all deer-hunting ammunition.
fake	I was the first presidential candidate to lay out a specific, truly universal health care plan.
fake	My opponent supported policies that increased tuition by 18 percent.
fake	Says Donald Trump always pays his bills promptly.
real	North Carolina has one of the fastest growing populations as well as the fastest growing economy in the country.
real	Romney adviser admits Romneycare was blueprint for Obamacare.
fake	Says Russ Feingold voted to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants
fake	Greg Abbott did nothing to pursue reports of the sexual abuse of boys at a West Texas state-run school.
real	When Moammar Gadhafi was set to visit the United Nations, and no one would let him stay in New York, Trump allowed Gadhafi to set up an elaborate tent at his Westchester County (New York) estate.
real	With her solution, terrorists can still today and by the way ISIS knows it, they have been advertising it buy guns online and at gun shows in the United States of America.
real	The Republican presidential nominee hasnt won women since 1988.
real	Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on gun control.
real	Just this week we received the news that for the first time Social Security is now paying out more in benefits than it's taking in. That was something that was supposed to happen in 2016.
real	Ten times, no Republican candidate for president had enough delegates to claim the nomination before the partys convention, and seven of those times somebody who was not the leader of delegates was selected as the nominee of the party.
real	Jason Carter backed three of Nathan Deals budgets but accuses the governor of underfunding education.
fake	Obamas flush with cash, returning to Wall Street for even more money. Wall Street sure supports President Obama.
real	Obama "won health care for 150,000 people."
real	40% of Americans know someone who has been killed by a gun.
fake	I know that Hillary on occasion has said just last year said this (NAFTA) was a boon to the economy.
fake	Says Ron Johnson is benefiting from several super PACs, I am not.
fake	Says Wisconsin Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburg put an 80-year-old farmer in jail for refusing to plant native vegetation on his farm.
real	This is the first time a party has picked up multiple seats during a regular election since the mid 1980s, making this the largest majority of any party in more than 25 years.
fake	I saw my father march with Martin Luther King.
fake	Says South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley is an immigrant.
fake	Crime is rising.
real	In Florida, the number of voters who now register as other has grown by a million in the last 10 years. Compare that with the Democrats, who only grew by 300,000 and the Republicans who grew by just 200,000.
real	Amazing fact: Senate has already voted on more amendments in 2015 than Reid allowed ALL YEAR last year.
real	Says Iowa Senate candidate Joni Ernst promises to shut down the Department of Education and abolish the EPA.
real	Says 24 million people in this country cant find a full-time job, 50 million cant see a doctor when theyre sick, 47 million people need government help to feed themselves and 15 million families owe more than the value of their home.
real	Says Austin is the largest city in America without a congressional district anchored in it.
fake	After President Barack Obamas health care law takes full effect, 100 percent of Americans will depend on some form of federal payment, some form of government benefit to help provide for them.
fake	In 2010, everybody said you cant dare let guns go into the national parks, and of course the rapes, murders, robberies and assaults are down about 85 percent since we did that.
fake	Says Attorney General Eric Holder recently revealed this idea to have government have gun owners wear special bracelets that would identify you as a gun owner.
real	By any measure, New Jersey has one of the most segregated school systems in the country.
real	PWNED: House GOP Dominates Twitter, YouTube, Social Media in Congress.
fake	Here, we have Thanksgiving, we have Christmas, we have the 4th of July. Every year in Iran, they celebrate Death to America day.
fake	Early census returns are showing that conservatives have been measurably less likely than liberals to return their census forms.
fake	If the Supreme Court throws out the federal health care law, it would be an unprecedented, extraordinary step of overturning a law that was passed by a strong majority of a democratically elected Congress.
fake	Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus projects in Rhode Island include $250,000 to provide digital television to the states inmate population.
real	Carly Fiorina, shes against banning assault weapons.
fake	Scott Walker raises nearly 70 percent of his money from out of state
real	If you are African-American in this country today, you are likely to have a net worth of about 10 percent of what white families have.
fake	Says he helped lead an outside audit thatll save (Milwaukee County) taxpayers over $200 million.
fake	Health care reform: Everything about it is going to raise costs, raise taxes and lower the quality of health care.
real	Weeks after accepting a quarter-million-dollar campaign contribution from a hospital board chairman, Greg Abbott went to court against victims of a drug-taking neurosurgeon.
real	The University of Texas is starting the first medical school at a major Tier One university in the last 50 years.
fake	Most tips left at Dunkin Donuts dont go to employees.
real	Polls show Bernie Sanders would do better than Hillary Clinton in a head-to-head battle against Donald Trump.
fake	Says Sen. Bill Nelson voted to spend $144,541 to see how monkeys react under the influence of cocaine.
real	Says Democratic runoff opponent Grady Yarbrough twice previously ran statewide as a Republican.
fake	Creflo Dollar needed a $65 million Gulfstream G650 to carry thousands of pounds of food and other supplies -- as well as the Word of God -- worldwide.
real	Research even shows that sending more girls to school can boost an entire countrys GDP.
real	Governor Palin is the most popular governor in the country.
fake	Says state Rep. Patrick Rose votes 90 percent with liberals, backed the states largest tax increase, proposed nearly $15 billion in government spending and supported Obama-style government-run health care system for Texas.
fake	There is debate among constitutional scholars about whether the First Amendment will continue to protect faith leaders from being forced to perform marriages against their religious beliefs.
real	Mitt Romney has "a pro-choice record."
fake	Says getting ex-cons to successfully return to society is important so we are not always faced constantly with recidivism, which is a big problem in the penitentiary today in the 70 to 80 percent range.
fake	Says he has a fiduciary responsibility to his business, his family and his employees to pay no more tax than legally required.
real	Says Scott Walkers listening sessions are invite-only and excluding the press.
fake	Says that 93 percent of the time John Boccieri voted with Nancy Pelosi.
fake	Wisconsin uses voting machines that are outlawed, they are illegal.
fake	Tens of thousands of fraudulent Clinton votes found in Ohio warehouse.
real	The United States is the only industrialized country that does not guarantee paid time off to care for a new child.
fake	Scientists project that the Arctic will be ice-free in the summer of 2013.
fake	If women seeking an abortion see their ultrasound, the odds are pretty high theyre going to keep the baby.
fake	Democrats in Congress had control since January of 2007. They haven't passed a law making waterboarding illegal. They haven't gone into any of these things and changed law.
real	Ohio currently ranks 50th out of all states in income growth.
fake	The United States Senate Democrats and Republicans (voted) to keep our government open.
real	Hillary Clinton has taken over $800,000 from lobbyists.
fake	Scott Walker gave Wisconsin job creation money to his cronies: corporate friends who contributed to his campaigns and got $570 million in job-development incentives
fake	Clinton's former pastor convicted of child molestation.
fake	Says of a failed cloture vote on nominating Chuck Hagel for defense secretary: This is not a filibuster.
real	By one leading measure, what business owners pay out in wages and salaries is now finally growing faster than what they spend on health insurance for the first time in 17 years.
fake	Says Donald Trump said of women, And you can tell them to go f--- themselves.
fake	Public support for abortion is actually going down a little bit, polls show.
real	Says Dan Patrick supported giving a $5,000 taxpayer-funded voucher to every family to buy a car.
real	Salaries for Virginias teachers are below the national average.
real	Says Obama doubled funding for the Pell Grant.
real	The people who want President Barack Obama impeached are all white, theyre all older, and guess what, theyre in the far right wing of the Republican Party.
fake	Marco Rubio thinks that government shouldn't be in the health care business at all.
real	94 percent of winning candidates in 2010 had more money than their opponents.
fake	At Texas AM University, only 49 out of 3,000 faculty members brought in enough money to pay for their salaries and overhead over the past five years.
fake	The fact that Rick Scott is running for governor as a 'reformer' would be funny if it wasn't so outrageous. This is a man who barely escaped imprisonment.
fake	Says Sean Duffy was a no-show as Ashland County District Attorney while he was on the campaign trail
real	Anywhere in the world, when someone uses a mobile phone, e-mail, the Internet or GPS, they are enjoying the benefits of the American miracle.
real	In fact, theres more state funding for education today than any other time.
real	A Republican bill that would change John Doe criminal investigations is creating exceptions in the law for politicians.
fake	On abortion
fake	Mayor White has major stake in Barnett Shale production company.
real	Even hunters are restricted from using large capacity magazines: there is a five cartridge limit for large game hunting, and three for bird hunting.
real	Ninety percent of American workers dont own their own business.
fake	The president by executive order could grant voting rights to illegal immigrants who are newly legalized under pending legislation.
fake	The United States is not modernizing its nuclear weapons.
fake	Says Mitt Romneys carried interest income was a tax trick.
real	Says Jeb Bush not only opposes marriage equality, hes said he personally believes gay couples should be banned from adopting children.
real	We have dozens of districts that go for 150 to 200 miles, splitting counties, splintering cities and connecting areas that have very little in common.
real	Says Ronald Reagan repeatedly talked about how irresponsible it would be to allow the full faith and credit of the United States to be impaired in any kind of way.
fake	Says Gov. John Kasich implied that a portion of workers compensation rebates to employers should be directed back to him in the form of campaign cash.
real	Most Texans aren't millionaires.
fake	The vast majority of the money I got was from small donors all across the country.'' campaign-finance barack-obama President Illinois democrat 70 71 160 163 9 an interview with CNBC's John Harwood
fake	An independent payment advisory board created by the health care reform law can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments.
real	In 1976, the first year that Pell Grants were fully funded, a full Pell Grant paid 72 percent of the cost of attendance at a typical four-year public college. Today, a full Pell Grant covers just 34 percent of those costs.
fake	This unit is the only one in the state that strives to implement the principles of Mother-Friendly care as outlined by the national Coalition for Improving Maternity Services Mother-Friendly Childbirth Initiative.
real	We spend more on health care than any other country, but we're ranked 47th in life expectancy and 43rd in child mortality.
real	The tax penalty that the government imposes if you dont buy health insurance is lower than it would have cost to buy insurance.
fake	Sherrod Brown supported President Obamas $453 billion tax increase.
fake	Florida seniors are exempt from losing Medicare Advantage under the federal health care bill.
real	Says Jeanne Shaheen has voted with the president 99 percent of the time.
real	The Wisconsin state Assembly chambers extend to the bathroom and the parlor, and rules allow members to vote for each other if the member is in the chambers.
real	If you already have health insurance through your job, or Medicare, or Medicaid, or the VA, nothing in this plan will require you or your employer to change the coverage or the doctor you have.
fake	The [Obama] administrations regulatory assault on coal-fired energy has put thousands of Americans out of work
fake	The 2010 DREAM Act failed despite strong bipartisan support.
fake	The DNC hack showed you that the Clinton campaign was working to schedule (primary) debates against (Bernie) Sanders, and the Clinton campaign is continuing this ploy against Donald Trump.
real	Women make 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
real	Says Mitt Romney supports a plan to slowly and gradually raise the retirement age of Social Security.
real	Liberty University students were mandated to attend Sen. Ted Cruzs presidential announcement or they would be fined.
real	Says the U.S. Supreme Court found that Social Security is not guaranteed.
fake	Georgia could get money for schools by scraping the gold off the gold dome of the state Capitol.
real	Says if current trends continue, by 2040, one out of three Texas workers will not have a high school diploma.
fake	Look, we are at war with these people and they dont wear uniforms. This is a war against people that are vicious, violent people, that we have no idea who they are, where they come from. We are allowing tens of thousands of them into our country now.
fake	There are not, nor have there ever been, any boycotts encouraged by our organizations.
real	People think AIDS is done --its not done.
real	Were paying out-of-state residential facilities hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not more, to house children in state custody
real	Over the past three years, deep poverty has reached its highest level on record.
real	SaysRuben Kihuen only managed in the minority to get one bill passed out of the eight to 10 he introduced during the 2015 legislative session.
fake	Obama admits he is not a citizen.
fake	New federal projections estimate that the health care overhaul will cost $1.76 trillion over 10 years -- well above the $940 billion Democrats originally claimed.
fake	Obama Declares November National Muslim Appreciation Month.
real	Says George LeMieux was one of two Republicans who voted for President Barack Obamas jobs bill.
fake	Says Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling is a Democrat.
fake	Our National Guard, as we saw in the Midwest flooding, can't function as effectively as it could. I was talking to National Guard representatives. Fifteen of their 17 helicopters in this region were overseas during the flooding.
real	Bill Lynch told three lies in ten seconds
fake	Amendment 1 protects Florida seniors from scams and rip-offs.
real	Says Rick Scott oversaw the largest Medicare fraud in the nations history.
fake	Says Russ Feingold was the only senator to vote against Homeland Security.
real	A foreclosure tax that would take effect in 2013 could mean a high tax bill for those facing foreclosure and millions of families who modified their mortgage or had a short sale through their lender.
fake	Says Donald Trumps polling numbers show that hes the highest with Hispanics that any Republican has ever been.
fake	We know how to stop AIDS: persuade men not to have sex with men.
real	The Walton family, which owns Wal-Mart, controls a fortune equal to the wealth of the bottom 42 percent of Americans combined.
fake	If you look at states that are right to work, they constantly do not have budget deficits and they have very good business climates.
real	From 2003 to 2006, Sesame Street made more than $211 million from toy and consumer product sales.
fake	Sixty percent of the Hispanics support the Arizona immigration law
fake	On whether he wrote a provision that allowed AIG to dole out bonuses.
fake	As Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton laundered money to Bill Clinton through Laureate Education, while Bill Clinton was an honorary chairman of the group.
fake	99% of NJ voters do NOT support hunting.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton has taken hundreds of millions from those countries where women are stoned, where women are killed for adulteryand women cant drive.
fake	Chris Christie cut equal pay for women, calling it senseless bureaucracy.
real	On supporting the Supreme Court abortion decision Roe v. Wade
fake	Says any attempt to try to compare the Massachusetts health care law with the federal health care law is completely, intellectually dishonest. Governor Romney did not raise one tax in doing what he did.
real	In 1990, the U.S. led the world in the percentage of 25-34 year olds with college degrees. Today we are in 12th place.
fake	On mandating health care coverage.
fake	In many instances, (peoples) health care costs are more than their mortgage costs or their rent, which, by the way, is a first in American history.
fake	There is a growing body of evidence that radiation in excess of what the government says are the minimum amounts you should be exposed to are actually good for you and reduce cases of cancer.
real	Weve saved over $100 million of (health care) costs in Milwaukee County. I did that.
real	$120,000 will be spent by taxpayers on Charlie Crists political photo-op special session.
fake	Says Bill White is refusing to debate.
real	Nevada is No. 1 in unemployment, violent crime, car theft, divorce, robberies and foreclosures.
fake	Says indoor workers get less UV than outdoor workers, but they get more melanomas.
fake	We would be just like North Carolina with HB2-like (transgender bathroom) legislation. It actually passed our chamber and I vetoed it.
fake	Illegal immigrants mow the grass around the (Texas) Capitol.
fake	Says Ron Saunders made the choice to stand with Rick Scott on expanding school vouchers, restricting scholarships and giving tax breaks to the wealthy.
real	Unlike marijuana, medical cannabis oil cannot get you high.
fake	Obama is the Senate's "most liberal."
real	Even though men comprise 49% of the population, they hold 80% of the lawmaking power in the Legislature (144 of 181 seats).
fake	For every one ESD superintendent position, we can pay for three speech pathologists, or three special needs instructors, or three classroom teachers.
real	Says that in Texas, Republican nominees get 40 percent of the Latino vote on average.
real	The Fed created $1.2 trillion out of nothing, gave it to banks, and some of them foreign banks, so that they could stabilize their operations.
real	Most private sector jobs in the history of Buffalo exist in Buffalo today
fake	We have invested record funding in protecting our environment.
fake	U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson was the deciding vote for the health care law.
fake	An Iowa policy "provides for a state round up of Iowa citizens who might be exposed to the swine flu virus."
real	Certainly were going to be the most restrictive state in the land in terms of who can get medical marijuana, how it will be prescribed and how it will be achieved in terms of moving it into the marketplace.
fake	Since 1988, Congress has raised its own salary 15 times to reflect rising costs. But raised the minimum wage only three times.
real	Small businesses create 70 percent of the jobs in America.
fake	Says CNN deleted an online poll showing Bernie Sanders won the first Democratic presidential debate to help out Hillary Clinton.
real	SaysGOP U.S. Senate candidate Darryl Glenn wants to eliminate the Department of Education and jeopardize college fundingfor 320,000 Coloradans.
real	Says Carlos Beruff supported (Charlie) Crist even after he switched parties.
real	A strong majority of Americans support the Keystone XL pipeline.
fake	Says President Barack Obama is sending a much larger (force) to deal with Ebola than ISIS is getting.
real	Greg Abbott has benefitted from payday lenders who have given him $300,000 and then received a ruling from him that they can operate in a loophole in the law that allows them to charge unlimited rates and fees.
real	As mayor, Barrett led efforts to redevelop the Menomonee Valley, which now supports nearly 4,000 jobs in Wisconsin.
real	Taxpayers are paying a fortune for the use of Air Force One on the campaign trail by President Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.
real	We pay among the highest tolls in the nation for the privilege of crossing that bridge.
fake	We have a fire marshal that said, Oh we cant allow more people ... And the reason they wont let them in is because they dont know what the hell theyre doing.
real	Says Donald Trump supports eminent domain and the Supreme Courts Kelodecision.
fake	Florida's legal challenge of the federal health care bill is "bipartisan."
fake	Last year, there were an additional 81,000 pages of government regulations. If you stack that up, it would be a three-story building.
fake	Schoolchildren across the nation "will be forced to watch the president justify his plans for government-run health care, banks, and automobile companies, increasing taxes on those who create jobs, and racking up more debt than any other president."
fake	President Obama, Sen. Harry Reid and Rep. Nancy Pelosi passed a $1.2 trillion stimulus bill.
fake	Says opponent Chad Chadwell wants condom techniques demonstrated to your children.
real	President Obama campaigned on a promise to put reproductive health care at the center of his reform plan.
fake	Under changes being debated, state employees in Wisconsin who earn $30,000, $40,000, $50,000 a year might have 20 percent of their income just disappear overnight.
fake	Newt Gingrich co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting Chinas brutal one-child policy.
fake	Says the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act adopted last year contains a series of slush funds, set up to stay on the books automatically, with little or no oversight.
real	Says women care most about jobs and the economy
fake	Says Hillary Clinton presided over $6 billion lost at the State Department, sold uranium to the Russians through (her) faux charity, illegally deleted public records, and murdered an ambassador.
fake	The @nytimes sent a letter to their subscribers apologizing for their BAD coverage of me.
real	In the stimulus, "$15 million dollars went to 'build a bigger, better airport' for the town of Ouzinkie, Alaska, population 165."
real	Says five Democratic state senators were for her bicycle tailgating bill before they were against it.
fake	We saw the president of the United States engage American troops in a fourth conflict in a foreign land. This is historic.
fake	An annual income of $500,000 in Manhattan, believe it or not, is middle class.
fake	We know that Sunday mornings have usually been given over to conservative white men.
fake	There were fewer civilian casualties in Cambodia than there have been from American drone attacks.
fake	(U.S. Rep. Jack Kingston) voted to fund (Obamacare).
real	Al-Qaida operatives, have said, Hey, we want you to use this loophole (for purchasing guns despite being on a watch list) to attack and kill Americans.
real	John McCain "said publicly that Hillary Clinton would make a good president."
real	You know, the approval rating of Congress is down to 13 percent.
real	Since I took office, Wisconsin ranks 11th in the nation in total business establishment growth compared to 47th in the years Mary Burke was Commerce secretary.
real	Over 22,000 unique Internet Protocol addresses -- in Wisconsin alone -- have downloaded child pornography.
real	Sen. Arlen Specters party switch could end up giving Republicans the ability to filibuster judicial nominees at the Judiciary Committee level so that the nominees never get out of committee.
real	States with the most gun laws tend to have the fewest gun deaths.
fake	Says Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel first claimed bank fraud in June 2010 but did nothing for more than a year while raising money for his (Republican) Senate campaign.
fake	Says scientists are in dispute over whether being gay is a choice.
fake	A study ranked Florida No. 1 in government corruption under Gov. Rick Scott.
fake	Seven hundred thousand. Thats how many California jobs will be lost thanks to the politicians raising the minimum wage.Now Florida is adding one million jobs, not losing them.
fake	Says Patrick Murphy never worked as a CPA and was never a small business owner.
real	Over the past five years, the American automobile industry has created about 500,000 new jobs.
real	A national study of 2,500 charter schools shows that maybe 20 percent do better than the community public schools, 40 percent or so do worse and the rest are not having any significant difference.
real	About 40 percent of Hispanic homeowners have subprime mortgages.
real	We have more scientists and engineers per square mile than anywhere in the world.
real	The stock market does better when you have a Democratic president in the White House.
fake	Says his campaign has released his past tax returns.
fake	Common Core expects English teachers to spend at least half of their reading instructional time at every grade level on informational texts.
fake	Ever wonder why no one ever came forward from Obamas past, saying they knew him, attended school with him, was his friend, etc.? Not one person has ever come forward from his past.
fake	22 Countries Invaded by the U.S. in 20 Years.
real	(Obama) did accept donations from lobbyists and PACs and he spent money in this campaign from that, through his political action committee.
real	Says Virginia, Florida and Georgia are the three states that are the principal source for gun trafficking.
fake	Says in Texas its legal to shoot someone whos committing a public nuisance under the cover of dark.
fake	In other jurisdictions where (a domestic partnership registry) has been enacted, we have seen that fewer people enter into marriage.
real	Common Core is not from the federal government, they do not have their fingerprints on this thing at all.
fake	The amount of money that we put into running our own state legislature is nearly as much as we put into the University of Rhode Island.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton has been saying lately that she thinks that I am, not qualifiedto be president.
real	The loan guarantee program that helped Solyndra was a program that was supported by President Bush.
real	The United States is numberonein the world in energyresources;Russia isnumber two.
fake	On how he measures his promise to create 700,000 private-sector jobs in seven years.
real	George Allen voted to end Pell Grants for 84,000 students.
fake	Commerce Secretary nominee John Bryson appears to endorse world government.
real	Foreign companies in the United States have a significantly higher unionization rate than other companies overall.
real	Says President John F. Kennedy released a star Green Bay Packer from military reserve duty so that he could play in the 1961 NFL Championship Game.
fake	The claim that 97 percent of scientists believe humans are causingclimate change has been debunked by the head of the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change. That number was pulled out of thin air.
fake	When Trump wanted to turn a taxpayer-owned building into an $800 anight hotel, (Congressman Jeff Denham, R-CA) helped broker the deal and bragged about it.
real	McDonalds workers in Denmark have a union. Earn $45,000/year.
real	Says Gary Farmers claim that he received an A from the NRA is an absolute lie.
real	The United States has the longest surviving constitution.
real	Says Time magazine called him "one of America's best governors."
fake	When Susan Rice spoke about Benghazi on Sunday news shows, she said that al-Qaida might be involved, or other al-Qaida affiliates might be involved, or non-al-Qaida Libyan extremists, which I think demonstrates that there was no effort to play that down.
real	Washing your hands and covering your mouth when you cough makes a huge difference in reducing transmission of the flu.
fake	A United Nations arms treaty would almost certainly force the U.S. to create an international gun registry, setting the stage for full-scale gun confiscation.
fake	Says I never billed a single hour of my time to the City of Portland in the last 10 years -- so, no revolving door.
fake	Ninety-five percent of the money used for union-operated worker training centers comes from employers.
fake	The Obama administrations cap-and-trade plan would create a $1,761 yearly energy tax.
fake	Romneycare covers abortion, illegal immigrants and has a public option. Obamacare does not.
fake	Super Bowl Sunday has the highest rate of domestic violence.
fake	Every citizen is entitled to the freedom of speech, but no one should have the right to use government funds or institutions to portray acts that are morally reprehensible to the vast majority of Americans.
fake	In 2011, (the Islamic State) attempted to attack Fort Knox.
fake	Former Atlanta Public Schools Superintendent Beverly Hall left the school district significantly better than she found it.
real	Before this day is out, 18 more veterans will have taken their own lives. That is the daily average, it is intolerable, and it has to stop.
fake	Hate speech is excluded from protection under the First Amendment.
real	In 2011, our state-run lottery funded New Jersey classrooms by over $930 million.
fake	But if my opponent had his way, the millions of Floridians who rely on it would've had their Social Security tied up in the stock market this week.
real	The Democratic Party is the oldest continuous political party in the world.
real	Bob Barr has changed his position on the Defense of Marriage Act over the years.
fake	Says Democratic challenger for his N.C. House seat raised taxes on clothing, school supplies even baby diapers!
fake	Says a Justice Department memo directs that you must openly embrace gay marriage and homosexuality.
real	His biography says he was the top ROTC officer in the nation.
fake	Says Rep. Bruce Braley, D-Iowa, skipped an important VA reform hearing to attend three fundraisers.
real	Says his promise of 250,000 new private sector jobs was a big goal.
real	In 32 other states and Washington D.C., they [voters] can avoid the wait by voting before Election Day.
fake	Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt sent his advisers to study socialism with Soviet dictator Josef Stalin so the president could replicate it in the United States.
real	About 2 percent of Americans get paid the minimum wage.
fake	Rather than prioritize and pass ethics reform measures to restore trust in state government, (Democrats) sat on their hands and did nothing when they were the majority.
fake	State legislators quietly shifted $2 billion from education to road building in 2013.
fake	Roy Blunt voted to raise his own pay 12 times while in Congress.
fake	Say water fluoridation started in Nazi Germany ghettos and death camps to pacify the Jews.
fake	Says he has nearly 200 delegates bound to support his candidacy at the Republican National Convention.
fake	On the Cuba embargo.
real	A clear majority of Americans support removing the cost-sharing requirement for prescription contraceptive coverage.
real	SaysJeb Bush significantly cut early voting prior to the 2008 presidential election.
fake	We dont allow filming inside of the City Hall unless there is a specific reason.
fake	Romneycare is a top-down, government-run health care system.
fake	Says Tom Barrett voted to ban 15 different kinds of guns, even a lot of common deer rifles.
real	Marco Rubio made it clear: Not only does he think Donald Trump is a con man, hewent on to say he doesnt trust Donald Trump with the nuclear codes.
real	Kelly Ayotte has voted four times against the federal Paycheck Fairness Act.
fake	There is no $30 million pot of money for redistricting issues, including defending redistricting lawsuits. Your tax dollars are not being spent on anything like that.
real	Says that over the last decade, the states population grew three times faster than the Texas state tax system.
real	Ninety-five percent of all the wages in Texas are above minimum wage.
fake	Florida sheriffs unequivocally support the stand your groundlaw.
fake	Says he won the second debate with Hillary Clinton in a landslide in every poll.
real	Says that in the U.S. House of Representatives weve had bipartisan support for the repeal of Obamacare for getting rid of cap and trade for building the Keystone Pipeline.
real	Says Mike Enzi is getting about 84 percent of his campaign funds from Washington-based PACs. Thats more than any senator of either party.
real	While (Barack) Obama preaches we are our brothers keeper, his brother and aunt live in real poverty in Kenya.
fake	Says Charlie Crist wants felons who commit a heinous crime such as intentional permanent disfigurement of a child, you walk out of jail, you immediately get to vote.
real	Polls show that 96 percent of New Jerseyans and 95 percent of gun households in the state support expanding background checks to keep guns away from those who shouldnt have them.
fake	Abortion coverage is a standard insurance benefit in nearly 90 percent of private plans sold in the U.S.
real	Says Multnomah County libraries are open 44 hours per week the lowest of any library in the four-county region.
real	Even after collective bargaining reforms, most Wisconsin public employees are still paying about 12 to 13 percent of their health insurance premiums, while most state residents who work in the private sector pay 20 to 25 percent.
fake	Facebook has unveiled new rules to stop their users from creatingposts related in any way to religion.
fake	Says delegates cant legally change the Republican National Convention rules to prevent Donald Trumps nomination.
fake	Jason Carter supports using Georgia tax dollars to promote Obamacare
real	Austin is the largest city in the U.S. or Texas with no geographic representation on its city council.
real	One-third of all bank tellers (are) on public assistance.
real	Says she is co-owner of Celilo Group Media.
fake	Daniel Webster is an advocate for a group that teaches that mothers should not work outside the home.
real	California has robust job growth that outpaces the rest of the nation.
real	You ... said that Barack Obama was not ready to be commander in chief.
fake	John Boehner has called for repealing the rest of the stimulus, which would raise taxes on 110 million middle class people.
fake	Says Colorado food stamp recipients can use ATMs to get cash to buy marijuana.
fake	Gov. Romney himself, with 28 other Republican governors, supported policies that would have eliminated the time limits in the welfare reform law and allowed people to stay on welfare forever.
fake	Roy Barnes is part of the team that has run up trillions of dollars in debt that Americans will spend years paying off, and theyve done it without creating one job.
real	A Republican-led softening of firearms training rules means that untrained individuals would be allowed to carry guns with a state permit.
real	Georgia is the second-fastest growing state for international tourists.
fake	Barack Obama thinks terrorists just need a good talking to.
fake	Says Joseph Stalin said if you want to bring America down you, have to undermine three things: our spiritual life, our patriotism and our morality.
fake	Documents released by Edward Snowden reveal that American, Britishand Israeli intelligence agencies worked together to create the Islamic State.
real	Sixty percent of Americans now support legalizing marijuana.
real	Says over 90 percent of Travis Countys eligible residents have registered to vote.
real	In 1790, the first Congress, which was packed with framers, required all ship owners to provide medical insurance for seamen; in 1798, Congress also required seamen to buy hospital insurance for themselves. In 1792, Congress enacted a law mandating that all able-bodied citizens obtain a firearm.
real	Says the United States does not trade as much as other developed nations.
real	On the day of the New Hampshire primary in 1980, the top 13 people of Ronald Reagans staff quit.
real	SaysBernie Sanders voted for what we call the Charleston Loophole.
fake	As first lady, Clinton would travel to places that were "too small, too poor or too dangerous" for the president.
real	Says with the ongoing economic downturn, child abuse is on the rise.
fake	The Florida Department of Agricultures website FreshFromFlorida.com can be used to get a permit to carry a loaded hidden gun without ever leaving your house.
real	I never gave up custody of my children. I never lost custody of my children.
fake	The Georgia Lottery Corp. has only once in the past 16 years paid out the agreed upon 35 percent of proceeds to the account which funds the HOPE scholarship.
fake	Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger wasan active participant in the Ku Klux Klan.
fake	In 2009, his first year as mayor, Julin Castro received a seven-figure referral fee that smells like a dirty financial gift from notorious personal injury lawyer Mikal Watts, a major Obama donor.
real	For anybody whos trying to cross the street and has seen those signs that say you have to stop when pedestrians are in the crosswalk, that was a bill that I passed.
real	Says PPS employees have paid their own PERS contributions for many years.
fake	Barack Obama "is more to the left of the announced Socialist in the United States Senate."
real	Before the Republican wave in 2010, Democrats had an advantage on the generic ballot in Congress. Even in 1994 with the Gingrich revolution ... Democrats had that advantage.
fake	The fact is the Clinton Foundation has got about 80 percent in overhead and 20 percent of the money is actually getting into the places it should.
fake	Charlie Crist "worked with Acorn" to give felons voting rights.
fake	Gas will reach $4 a gallon under a cap-and-trade plan.
fake	Says President Bill Clinton did not sign NAFTA.
fake	Says Having organizations parading as being social welfare organizations and then being involved in the political combat harkens back to why the statute a hundred years ago said that they were prohibited.
fake	On Sandra Day O'Connor: "I think one reason she was a good judge is she had no judicial experience" before she joined the Supreme Court.
real	Since 2004, more than 2,000 suspected terrorists have legally purchased weapons in the United States.
real	Other Western countries have ended their "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policies.
real	Kendrick Meek is the only candidate who has consistently been against expanded drilling.
real	Seven more people will die each and every day until the Legislature ratifies these (pain clinic) rules that are being approved by the Board of Medicine and the Department of Health.
real	Wisconsin Republicans repealed a statewide fair pay law that made sure women are treated fairly on the job.
fake	In Chicago, which has the toughest gun laws in the United States, probably you could say by far, they have more gun violence than any other city.
fake	Voter fraud provided a portion of the margin of victory of Democrat John Lehman over Republican Sen. Van Wanggaard in a state Senate recall election.
real	Congressman Phil Roe hands out $1.3M government check from a federal program that he voted against.
fake	Blue Cross new $90-million Providence headquarters "was outfitted with $25 million in decor."
fake	After hiring a campaign manager in 2006, I got this $100 and something fee ... for hazardous materials.
fake	Obama voted for "tax subsidies and giveways" that have slowed oil companies from pursuing clean energy sources.
real	Actually, Reagan was a Democrat before he was a Republican.
real	Contends that President Obama literally said (if) his cap-and-trade proposals were to pass, that utility rates, his words now, would, necessarily skyrocket.
fake	In a sweetheart deal members of Congress, thanks to the Obama administration, are going to be the only people in America to get subsidies in the Obamacare exchanges.
fake	Mayor Fung wants to punish our childrens education by removing 12 million dollars from current funding to pay for his private charter school. Your taxes would increase by between 6 and 8 percent per year.
fake	The CDC is spending money on things like jazzercise, urban gardening and massage therapy that could be redirected to Ebola.
fake	I am every year the No.1 pick of all of the law enforcement agencies within Texas.
real	Bill McCollum explained his lack of action on mortgage fraud by saying, "You can't do everything."
real	Tells President Barack Obama that he also asked former President George W. Bush about how he felt about Americans hating him.
fake	An amendment to the House health reform bill "puts new restrictions on women's access to abortion coverage in the private health insurance market even when they would pay premiums with their own money."
fake	Were spending tremendous amounts of money to educate our kids. In the world, were No. 1 per pupil by a factor of four.
fake	An anonymous e-mail says that Hillary Clinton advocates communism.
real	Says she has bipartisan support, including 53 sheriffs throughout the state, Democrats and Republicans.
fake	Obama did not open new lands to offshore drilling all of these areas were already open for drilling once Congress and President Bush lifted the moratorium in 2008. Instead, President Obama yesterday announced what areas he would CLOSE to offshore drilling.
real	In other states (where illegal immigrants have been allowed to get drivers licenses) their insurance premiums for everybody have gone down.
real	Says Rick Scotts proposal for election reform only mandates 48 hours of early voting.
fake	Says Texas proved in court that more than 200 dead people voted in the latest Texas election.
fake	Members of Congress passed a pay raise for themselves of $10,000 over two years even as they voted not to raise Social Security benefits for 2010 and 2011.
real	My home state since June of 2009 created 40 percent of the new jobs in America.
fake	Says Ron Johnson has essentially done nothing to fight heroin addiction and opioid abuse.
real	This governor has cut funding repeatedly for people who have AIDS, who need drugs to save their life.
real	As a state senator, he (Obama) even refused to support a measure to stop sex businesses from opening near schools or places of worship!
fake	Says that at a campaign rally President Barack Obama spent so much time screaming at a protester, and frankly it was a disgrace.
real	Despite attention on global warming, fewer Americans carpool today to work than carpooled in 1980 and SUVs have never been a larger proportion of the vehicles being sold in this country.
real	The claim ... that we plan to set up panels of bureaucrats with the power to kill off senior citizens ... is a lie, plain and simple.
real	As many as six federal department budget bills have been delayed because of opposition to amendments that would ban Confederate battle flag sales at federal building gift shops.
fake	Georgia public sector employees do not have a say in the conditions of their employment, do not have bargaining rights or a say in their working conditions.
real	More people have watched Morning Joe than CNN and HLN 5 years in a row.
real	An organized crime syndicate was extorting money from his (Tom Ganleys) business, threatening his family, but he fought back and won the FBIs highest civilian award
real	Sen. Joe Liebermans home state has a public option which covers about 10,000 of its citizens that was introduced by its Republican governor.
real	Rick Scott tried to slash school funding by $3.3 billion.
real	Uses headlines to portray Gov. Rick Perry as beholden to special interests.
real	Georgia has the second-highest rate of childhood obesity in the United States.
real	Says Oregon ranks 30th in the nation with regard to its incarceration rate.
fake	Obama nominee Dawn Johnsen called motherhood 'involuntary servitude.'
fake	The Obama administration is proposing to mine another 10 billion tons of Wyoming coal, which would unleash three times more carbon pollution than Obamas Clean Power Plan would even save through 2030.
real	Cuyahoga County passed a program to guarantee a college savings account for every single child who enters kindergarten in this county -- the first county in the United States to do so.
fake	David Alameel is giving thousands of dollars to support the Republican Party candidates including John Cornyn and Greg Abbott.
fake	Says the Feingold garage ad is a fake: Hes not standing in front of his house.
fake	Californias marijuana legalization initiative, Prop. 64 allows marijuana smoking ads in prime time, on programs with millions of children and teenage viewers.
real	Sixteen million jobs were created under Ronald Reagans presidency.
fake	What (the Obama administration is) going to come out with in the next several months is youre not even going to be able to burn coal very limitedly in the existing plants.
real	Granite Staters who hold individual policies from Anthem...can indeed renew their policies and keep their current doctors and hospitals in 2014.
fake	Says most Texas schools spend 45 out of 180 school days in mandated testing.
real	Says there are concrete examples of University of Texas job applicants or prospective applicants and students as well as invited speakers changing their minds because of handguns being allowed in campus buildings and classrooms.
real	If we choose Obamacare expansion, 600,000 will lose eligibility for their subsidies, of which 257,000 would be forced into Medicaid.
fake	Says President Obama was wrong about Muslims historical contributions to mankind, such as algebra (actually that was the ancient Babylonians), the compass (that was the Chinese), pens (the Chinese again) and medical discoveries.
fake	On possibly raising the Social Security retirement age.
fake	Health proposal would create a "40% tax on health care benefits of middle-class workers."
fake	The Obama-Clinton war on coal has cost Michigan over 50,000 jobs.
real	Says New Jersey has gained 143,000 new private-sector jobs.
real	Says Rick Scott presided over cuts to the Bright Futures college scholarship program.
real	Under the Espionage Act, (Edward Snowden would not be) allowed to come into court and say I was justified in disclosing this information. There is no whistleblower exception in the Espionage Act.
fake	Not only is there no scientific evidence that CO2 is a pollutant, higher CO2 concentrations actually help ecosystems support more plant and animal life.
fake	Says Supreme Court candidate JoAnne Kloppenburgs record as a state Justice Department lawyer consists only of the prosecution of cases regarding regulation of docks.
real	97 percent of the 100 poorest counties in America are in red states.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton has even deleted this record of total support (for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement) from her book.
fake	Tax increases under Michigan Gov. Jennifer Granholm led to state unemployment going from 6.8 percent to 15.3 percent.
fake	A government panel that didn't include cancer specialists says women shouldn't receive mammograms until age 50...If government takes over health care, recommendations like these could become the law for all kinds of diseases.
real	In the month of January, Canada created more new jobs than we did.
fake	On (the federal minimum wage of) $7.75, you cant even make half the poverty level.
real	Poll results from the past 35 years show that State of the Union speeches do not move presidential approval numbers.
real	Says Oregon canned blueberries will be cheaper in South Korea thanks to a trade agreement.
fake	Says John Barrow voted with Obama 85 percent of the time.
real	Our crime rate continues to plummet.
fake	Roughly 25% of RI has a criminal record
fake	Says Texas will be majority Hispanic in six years.
real	On day one, six people were able to sign up for health insurance through the federal marketplace.
fake	The Supreme Court cant overrule the other two branchesof government.
fake	Says that we brought CHI Manufacturing, that had business in China, back to Texas.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton told the Des Moines Register on Aug. 8, 2015:I will get the NRA shut down for good if I become president. If we can ban handguns, we will do it.
real	I still live in the same working-class neighborhood I grew up in.
real	Says Sen. Mitch McConnell is the No. 1 recipient of contributions from lobbyists this cycle.
fake	John McCain's health care plan "leaves you on your own to pay McCains health insurance tax."
fake	Says Republican candidates in key Wisconsin Assembly races side with those who want to privatize Social Security -- and risk our retirements on Wall Street.
fake	On calling Supreme Court nominee Sonia Sotomayor a racist.
fake	The U.S. Constitution owes its notion of democracy to the Iroquois Tribes.
fake	Part of his ride was to warn the British that were already there that, Hey, youre not going to succeed.
real	We jumped 11 places since beginning this year in terms of being job-friendly.
fake	Says Russ Feingold supported a stimulus plan that allowed a company to create 3,000 jobs in China.
fake	The city of Charlotte passed a bathroom ordinance mandate on every private-sector employer in Charlotte.
fake	There are high administrative costs when you donate to Haiti relief through the White House Web site.
fake	Amanda Murphy has two vacation homes around the world.
real	If you take into account all the people who are struggling for work, or have just stopped looking, the real unemployment rate is over 15 percent.
real	The top 1/10th of 1 percent today in America owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
real	Says there have been some job gains in the McMansion State since Mr. Christie took office, but they have lagged gains both in the nation as a whole and in New York and Connecticut, the obvious points of comparison.
real	Says she heard more than 2,400 cases as a Wisconsin appeals court judge
fake	Says the fluoride Austin is putting in its drinking water is toxic waste.
fake	She hasn't run a corner store. She hasn't run a state. She hasn't run a city. She has never run anything.
fake	This administration and this Congress have been systematically cutting funding to border security since the Democrats took control.
fake	Says the state auditor found that 37 percent of the 428,000 students receiving free and reduced-price lunches are ineligible.
real	Twenty-six men named William have been elected to statewide office and only seven women have had the honor.
real	New York is the safest big city in the nation, and our crime reductions have been steeper than any other big citys.
fake	Congressman Jeff Denhamhas agreed all illegal immigrants should be detained, arrested and deported.
real	The Republican budget plan says that 10 years from now, if youre a 65-year-old whos eligible for Medicare, you should have to pay nearly $6,400 more than you would today.
fake	Says Ralph Hall is the oldest member in Congress ever.
fake	You are three times more likely to be able to get a mortgage if youre a white applicant than if youre black or Hispanic, even if you have the same credentials.
real	I've always said it's (offshore drilling) up to the states and I still say that.
fake	Says Barack Obama is the first president to appoint 45 czars to replace elected officials in his office.
fake	If the House of Representatives fails to extend the middle-class tax cuts, 400,000 middle-class Rhode Island families will see their federal income taxes increase.
real	Federal law adopted under Tommy Thompsons watch prohibits the government from negotiating for better prices on prescription drugs for senior citizens
fake	In 2010, Betty Sutton voted to destroy Medicare.
real	Suzanne Bonamici was the only no vote on a 2009 bill cracking down on drunk drivers.
real	In Florida we have 75,000 on (a) waiting list for child care and 23,000 on waiting lists for community care for the elderly.
real	Says Ted Cruz represents a Chinese company found guilty of stealing blueprints from an American manufacturer.
real	If youre a wealthy CEO or a hedge fund manager in America right now, your taxes are lower than theyve been since the 1950s.
fake	Despite what you may have heard about Wisconsins finances, Wisconsin is on track to have a budget surplus this year.
real	Says Delaware County has more waterfront property than any other county in the state of Ohio
fake	Science has not shown greenhouse gases to be a problem.
real	Says Virginia is the biggest state that does not have a major league sports team.
fake	Inner-city crime is reaching record levels.
real	Says Russ Feingold said that with Obamacare, we could keep our doctors and our plans, it was rated as the Lie of the Year.
real	There's not a major bill I know with Hillary's name on it.
fake	Says Judge Gonzalo Curiel is a member of a club or society, very strongly pro-Mexican.
real	Says Donald Trump and Ron Johnson oppose a womans right to choose and Johnson voted against the Violence Against Women Act.
real	60 percent of people on food assistance are working.
fake	Blames Mike McIntyre and Nancy Pelosi for the second straight year of no cost-of-living increases for Social Security beneficiaries.
fake	Senator Obama has the most liberal voting record in the United States Senate.
real	Fifty-six percent decline in overall crime. A 73 percent decline in motor-vehicle theft. A 67 percent decline in robbery. A 66 percent decline in murder. This is way beyond what happened in the nation during this period of time. crime rudy-giuliani Attorney New York republican 9 11 10 7 3 New York, N.Y.
fake	I don't describe your plan as amnesty in my ad. I don't call it amnesty.
fake	I just talked about guns. I told you what my position was, and what I did as governor, the fact that I received the endorsement of the NRA.
fake	During the lead-up to the American Revolutionary War, some guy in Boston got his head blown off because he tried to secretly raise the tax on tea.
real	Eight of the nine justices in the Supreme Court decision (on campaign finance) said that not only is it constitutional for Congress to require disclosure of the special interest money, but they recommend we do it.
real	The top man at Yale Law School came out ... with just a raging report about former HP CEO Carly Fiorina,saying she isone of the worst executives in his memory in history running the company.
fake	The fact is voter fraud is rampant.
real	Says Trump ties are made in China, not Colorado. Trump suits in Mexico, not Michigan. Trump furniture in Turkey, not Ohio. Trump picture frames in India, not Wisconsin.
fake	A scheduled speech by President Barack Obama will be the first time an American president has spoken directly to the nation's school children about persisting and succeeding in school.
real	Says Warren Buffett has publicly said his secretary should not be paying a higher tax rate than him.
real	We've got some 37-million of our fellow citizens who are living in poverty; about 12-million or 13-million are children.
fake	Despite opposition from national Club for Growth, Club for Growth Wisconsin has endorsed him for U.S. Senate.
real	Odds of winning the Monopoly Millionaire instant win game are 1 in 3.27.
fake	Says her representation of an ex-boyfriend who was then my friend in a family law case is something that lawyers do on a regular basis.
fake	Blue Cross headquarters has "a $30,000 granite table."
real	Says in 2002, he won more Hispanic votes than Anglo votes, 60 percent in the state.
fake	Close to 30% of our federal prison population consists of illegal immigrants.
real	Florida Statutes require (Attorney General Bill) McCollum to consult with members of Florida's Congressional delegation before filing a lawsuit against the health care reform law.
real	Decorated Marine, two-tour Iraq war vet.
real	Sen. Rubio has the worst vote attendance record of any Florida senator in nearly 50 years.
real	Jeff Greene only moved from California to Florida in the last two years. In fact, he would not legally be allowed to run for any other statewide office because he has not lived here long enough to meet the residency requirement.
fake	This year, Eric Cantor has received more money from oil companies than any other member of Congress.
fake	As a Member of Congress, Chris Murphy was raking in $1 million in salary.
real	Since 1961 our private economy has produced 66 million private-sector jobs. So whats the jobs score? Republicans 24 million, Democrats 42 (million).
fake	The prosecutor who brought the indictment of Texas Gov. Rick Perryhas ties to Obama. He has ties to the Democrats.
real	Floridas proposed medical marijuana amendment would make Florida one of the most lenient medical-marijuana states, allowing use for limitless other conditions specified by any physician.
fake	When he took office in 2009, President Barack Obama had the biggest Democratic majorities in Congress since Lyndon Johnson.
fake	U.S. House opponent Paul Ryan supports cutting funding for veterans by 24 percent.
fake	The Baucus health care bill "could be used to ban guns in home self-defense."
fake	Says he did not vote for Nancy Pelosi for speaker of the House.
real	On oil drilling
fake	Says less than half of 1 percent of all the Texas legislators who ever served draw a benefit from pensions tied to the salaries of state district judges.
real	Much more than 50 percentof parents out there are spankers.
fake	Under the Affordable Care Act, anyone on Medicare who is admitted to a hospital for observation will be responsible for the bill. Medicare wont pay a cent.
fake	President Obamas health care law represents a government takeover of health care.
fake	Toomey and Trump will ban abortion and punish women who have them.
fake	If the state turns down money for high-speed rail, it will kill nearly 10,000 permanent Wisconsin jobs.
real	After a decade of decline, this country created over half a million manufacturing jobs in the last two and a half years.
real	Only about 6.8 percent of the (stimulus) money has actually been spent.
fake	For the votes that we got, I think we spent, on average, two bucks a pop. Compared to 42 bucks for incumbent Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele.
real	We passed without, frankly, the help of the Republican caucus, we passed 25 tax cuts last year, mostly aimed at the middle class and small businesses.
real	We in this state saw more job creation in the last three years since Ive been governor than you saw in the whole eight years of Doyles time as governor.
fake	We spend twice as much per capita on health care as any other nation on Earth.
real	Four (maybe five) Latinos have served on the Austin City Council.
fake	One of the reasons that Budweiser stayed in New Jersey is the money they got from RGGI to put solar on their roof to save on their energy costs.
real	Theres not one Democrat who endorses the Romney-Ryan Medicare plan.
real	As a former federal prosecutor, I prosecuted over 4,000 cases.
fake	Birthers have obtained a copy of Obamas Kenyan birth certificate.
fake	The Health Care Compact bill would end Medicares guaranteed benefit for Tennessees Medicare recipients and shift management of the federal health care plan to the states TennCare program.
real	Crist sent his "top policy staffer to the House Committee to testify in support of the proposal," then vetoed the bill.
real	Polls show that Americans overwhelmingly support expanding background checks.
fake	The proposed Gogebic iron ore mine is just up the hill from the Apostle Islands National Lakeshore caves along Lake Superior.
fake	Horse racing could boost Georgias economy by $1 billion a year and create 10,000 to 20,000 jobs.
fake	Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' The Second Amendment.Ban the manufacture, sale and possession of handguns.
real	Turkeys today weigh 29.8 pounds. In the 30s, they weighed 13.2 pounds.
real	Research performed by economists has shown no consistent, positive impact on jobs, income or tax revenues arising from stadiums or sports franchises.
fake	Says Jeb Bush said he would take his pants off and moon everybody ... Nobody reports that.
real	Jason Carter actually opposed more funding for education in the Senate.
real	As a result of Roe vs. Wade, Americas maternal mortality rate dropped dramatically.
fake	Says that as Wisconsin governor he never raised taxes.
fake	The book Little Red Riding Hood is something thats been banned in America, but not assault weapons.
fake	Theres a tremendous other number of public officials who have done the same thing as Hillary Clinton with a private email server.
fake	Obamas Clean Power Plan ... eliminates coal-fired power plants.
fake	Says David Rivera allowed House Republican leaders to strip key provisions from the STOCK Act that would crack down on insider trading by members of Congress.
fake	Says the jurisdictions with the strictest gun control laws, almost without exception have the highest crime rates and the highest murder rates.
fake	A million Democrats deserted (Howard Deans) party and joined my party because of Donald Trump in Ohio this year.
fake	Dan Gecker voted to double vehicle registration fees, costing (Chesterfield) county residents over $6 million annually.
real	The Georgia Secretary of States Office and the Georgia State Elections Board investigate and penalize hundreds of people guilty of election fraud.
real	We have the second highest corporate tax rate among our trading partners.
fake	In Catherine Cortez Mastos last term as attorney general, Nevada murder went up 11 percent, robbery went up 28 percent, rape 51 percent. When Cortez Masto left office, Nevada ranked as Americas third most dangerous state.
fake	Even when all other state agencies took cuts, Gov. [Nathan] Deal increased education spending every year.
real	Says Gov. John Kasich can remove the president of the State Board of Education.
fake	Wendy Davis opposes any limits on abortion.
fake	You have 200,000 to 400,000 military veterans on the street in this country on any given day.
real	Says Jeb Bush -- not Charlie Crist -- signed legislation that let Duke Energy collect money for nuclear projects.
fake	SaysDavid Perdue made tens of millions of dollars piling a firm with billions in debt.
fake	Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu received almost $1.8 million from BP over the last decade.
real	Cigarette butts poison babies and small children because of the nicotine in them.
real	More than 60 percent of people in America support Planned Parenthood and only 11 percent approve of Congress.
real	Job losses are so certain under this new cap-and-tax plan that it includes a provision accommodating newly unemployed workers from the resulting dried-up energy sector, to the tune of $4.2 billion over eight years. So much for creating jobs.
real	The United States has the highest incarceration rate in the world.
real	Says Hillary Clinton plans to massively increase admissions (of Middle East refugees) including a 500 percent increase in Syrian refugees coming into our country.
real	John McCain voted against establishing a national holiday in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
fake	If you have ever visited Nashville or Washington D.C. you will see MANY names and initials carved into ... desks.
fake	Women are paid 77 cents for every $1 men get for the same work.
real	An April study found that about 70 percent of ads in this election cycle have been negative [due to SuperPACs], up from only 9 percent through the same period in 2008.
fake	SaysTom Cotton voted against preparing America for pandemics like Ebola.
real	On the night of the Iowa caucuses, Obama promised the nation that he would do health care reform focused on cost containment, he opposed an individual mandate, and he said he was going to do it with Republicans.
fake	When Peppers tax was finally voted down, Pepper laid off cops and closed jails and let criminals run free in the streets.
fake	Two-thirds of Granite Staters oppose the Tea Party and its agenda on labor unions.
real	The United States is "seeing greater income inequality now than any time since the 1920s."
fake	Says U.S. House opponent Michael Williams does not live in and has never voted in the congressional district hes seeking to represent.
fake	Says Christopher Little has a history of working against environmental protection by defending the worst types of corporate polluters
real	Were up 123,000 jobs over the last year and three-quarters. Were actually, according to the Bureau of Labor statistics, down 500 ... auto jobs in Ohio.
fake	The Senate Finance Committee approved a reform proposal that has both Democratic and Republican support.
real	In the past three years, weve added enough new oil and gas pipeline to circle the Earth and then some.
real	With only 67 bills or so passed into law, 2013 was the least productive year in congressional history since weve been keeping record.
real	Sherrod Browns approval rating has plummeted to 38 percent among Ohio voters in a poll by a Democratic pollster.
real	Rick Scott "was forced to resign as the head of a company that pled guilty to massive amounts of systematic fraud, including 14 felonies, leading to a historic $1.7 billion fine."
real	Weve been able to create about 60,000 net new jobs in Virginia since February.
fake	We are imprisoning or giving jail sentences to young people who are smoking marijuana.
real	Every four minutes, another American home or business goes solar.
fake	Social Security and Medicare are a Ponzi scheme.
real	The United States is behind many countries in Europe in terms of the ability of every kid in America to get ahead.
real	I did not vote to spend money to fight that (Amendment 6 redistricting) lawsuit.
real	Says that Josh Mandel voted to let insurance companies deny coverage for autism
fake	You don't even have to go outside Obama's campaign to find advisers who are anti-Israel.
real	Greg Abbott heads up a party whose platform calls for the repeal of the Voting Rights Act.
real	Florida doesnt regulate assault weapons or .50 caliber rifles or large-capacity ammunition magazines. It doesnt require a permit to purchase a gun. It doesnt require any registration, whatsoever.
real	If you ask how many times did Ronald Reagan attend a fundraiser when he ran for re-election in 1984, the answer is eight times. If you say how many times did Barack Obama attend a fundraiser in 2012, the answer is 228 times.
fake	Obama says America is great, but let's "try to change it."
real	Most Americans support the legalization of marijuana.
real	Almost every country on Earth sees America as stronger and more respected today than they did eight years ago when I took office.
real	There are 86 languages spoken at Miami Dade College.
fake	SaysTed Cruz distributed the ad showing a nude Melania Trump on a rug.
fake	No one on my staff has ever been charged with a crime.
real	Unlike the gridlock in Washington, more than 80 percent of the bills we passed during this General Assembly had bipartisan support.
real	Sen. Sanders did vote five times against the Brady bill.
real	Says that Donald Trump supported Charlie Crist.
fake	Your tax dollars are not being used to sue you, the people.
real	As the usage [of synthetic marijuana] has dramatically increased, instances of violence, bodily harm and even death have risen with it.
real	Knopp says he upheld a campaign promise not to join the Public Employees Retirement System (PERS).
real	In 1978, a student who worked a minimum-wage summer job could afford to pay a years full tuition at the 4-year public university of their choice.
fake	If I had not asked for my emails all to be made public, none of this would have been in the public arena.
real	Says he came to the Republican Party sooner in age than Ronald Reagan.
real	Nearly 60 percent of women who use birth control do so for more than just family planning.
fake	Says Rick Scott has teamed up with a felon convicted of running a Ponzi scheme to smear Charlie Crist.
real	Says Holly Turner failed to vote in five straight Republican primaries.
fake	The Clintons now charge the Secret Service $10,000 monthly rent for the use of (a) Secret Service residence and that rent is just about equal to their mortgage payment.
real	Says Obama replaced the American flag on the tail of his plane with his campaign logo.
fake	Bill McCollum has accepted thousands from lobbyists for Planned Parenthood.
real	There are 850,000 Ohio jobs tied to the auto industry.
fake	Hillary Clinton wants to shut down family farms using radical regulation, by raising business tax rates as high as nearly 50 percent and by taxing family farms again at death by as much as 45 percent.
real	There is no war on coal. Period. There are more coal jobs and more coal produced in Ohio than there were five years ago, in spite of the talking points and the yard signs.
real	Bill Clinton presided over the biggest expansion of the American economy since World War II.
real	Graduation and third-grade reading scores are up in the state since I took office.
real	Says Mark Pryor votes with Obama 93 percent of the time.
real	80 percent of North Carolinians are for the living wage
fake	Next year, you will be mandated by federal law to get rid of your existing light bulbs.
real	Says that in 2015, illegal immigrants accounted for 75 percent of federal drug possession convictions and 5 percent to 30 percent of convictions for murder and kidnapping plus two other crimes.
fake	If I have affordable coverage in my workplace, Im not eligible to go into the marketplace. ... Its illegal.
real	Nearly 100,000 people get shot every year. Thats 270 people a day and 87 dead.
real	Miller Brewing is not a U.S. company any more. Neither is Anheuser-Busch.
real	As secretary of the Department of Energy under former President Bill Clinton, "I created reserves of home heating oil."
real	When people enter the service, theres not a mental health evaluation.
real	It is legal in Ohio to fire an employee or evict a tenant just for being gay.
fake	Hedge fund managers and others in private equity pay much lower (tax) rates on their income than do truck drivers and teachers and nurses.
fake	Says Marcy Kaptur has attacked his military service and training in the Air Force, showing disrespect for veterans.
fake	We actually have not required in this law that you carry health insurance.
real	Georgia has "a dropout rate thats higher" than Alabama's.
fake	Says the Club for Growth tries to defeat Republicans, and that its president called Nancy Pelosi the person I respect the most in Washington.
fake	The Kochs stand to make around $100 billion if the government approves the Keystone XL pipeline.
fake	Says after Hurricane Sandy, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg refused to allow the National Guard into the city to restore civil order because Guardsmen carry guns!
fake	On restoring voting rights to non-violent felons.
real	The Pink Pony club in DeKalb County has never been cited for any violation of an ordinance or state law.
real	Children born today will carry a $30,000 share of the national debt.
real	Manufacturing is having its best employment year in almost 15 years.
fake	(Big banks) have invested over $300,000 in (Joe Heck), and Heck has sponsored $44 million dollars in tax breaks for banks.
fake	As a result of Obamacare, we are becoming something of a part-time employment country.
real	Most folks wages havent gone up in over a decade.
fake	On HealthCare.Gov, Texan Mark Sullivan found a good health insurance plan that includes dental, for less than $80 a month.
real	Says overwhelming majorities of Americans support gun legislation like background checks.
fake	Says a gun bill before the Senate is proposing the universal registration of all firearms and their owners.
real	The Republican Party raffled off an AR-15 assault rifle at the 2010 Oregon State Fair.
real	Says Tim Kaine actually tried to raise taxes by about $4 billion.
fake	The Obama administration even proposed banning farm kids from doing basic chores!
fake	Let me say that I dont think (Bernie Sanders has) had a single negative ad ever run against him.
real	I have a record on the environment of creating green energy ... taking trash and turning it into cash.
fake	If they made no changes whatsoever, the [state employees pension] plan still had enough money to go forward for approximately the next 16 years.
fake	Under Obamas plan (for welfare), you wouldnt have to work and wouldnt have to train for a job. They just send you your welfare check.
fake	Mitt Romneys and Bain Capitals profits from KB Toys, which later went out of business, were described by the Boston Herald as disgusting.
fake	The Colorado caucus system for selecting Republican delegates is rigged.
real	Says Hillary Clinton sent a memo to all State Department staff that said you should not do State Department business on personal email.
fake	The results of Atlanta Public Schools 2010 and 2011 CRCT tests have not been questioned.
real	Ninety percent of Americans want our background check system strengthened and expanded to cover more gun sales.
real	John McCain "voted against the tax cuts of 2001 and 2003, wrongly claiming they helped only the rich."
real	Weve created more than 850,000 jobs, more than all the other states combined.
fake	Bill McCollum backed Jim Greers effort to hide financial irregularities.
fake	I would love to see us have in this country what I helped lead in Arkansas...Amendment 65 (which) says that we believe life begins at conception, and that we ought to do everything in the world possible to protect it until its natural conclusion.
real	In 1999, the NRA leadership in Washington, pretty much the same people intact, were for (expanded background checks.)
real	The IRS filed an $11,000 lien against (Allen) West for back taxes. Three liens were placed on his home for unpaid bills, and a judge ordered West to pay over $5,000 for past due credit card bills.
real	Florida teachers are "already paid $5,000 below the national average."
fake	Nobody covered the remarks of Patricia Smith, the mother of a Benghazi victim, live, but almost everybody covered KhizrKhans, Mr. Khans remarks live.
fake	Gov. Charlie Crist sought for and got approved the automatic restoration of felon rights for nonviolent offenders for the first time in Florida history.
real	Says that during his eight years as Florida governor, we created 1.3 million net new jobs -- more jobs created than Texas.
real	We have a tax code that allows groups to use their political operations within the tax code, under the guise of a charity, to use undisclosed millions of dollars to do political campaigns.
real	Incoming House Speaker Dean Cannon and incoming Senate President Mike Haridopolos have said they plan to champion efforts next legislative session to allow oil rigs off Florida's coast.
real	Says Rick Perry turned down our invitation to meet President Barack Obama in El Paso.
fake	Says U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz voted to cut off Floridas veterans and their benefits.
fake	By advocating new requirements for voters to show ID cards at the polls, Republicans want to literally drag us all the way back to Jim Crow laws.
real	Says the federal government is the largest energy user in the country.
fake	Any legislative action that is taken now could very well be rendered completely null and void by the decision of the Supreme Court expected this June.
real	In 2011, the average annual compensation for a teacher in the Milwaukee Public Schools system will exceed $100,000.
fake	In Florida, Sen. Bill Nelson ... got a $25 billion to $30 billion carve-out for Medicare Advantage patients in their state.
real	Says Donald Trump wants to undo marriage equality.
real	Medicare began as a public option and now holds 97 percent of the market share.
fake	Says the Department of Homeland Security has ordered enough rounds of .40 caliber ammunition to kill every man, woman and child in the United States, possibly to combat massive civil unrest or an invasion by a foreign power.
real	Women in Florida make 83 cents for every dollar a man makes.
fake	Human activity is not causing these dramatic changes to our climate.
fake	In the case of a catastrophic event, the Atlanta-area offices of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention will self-destruct.
real	We are now eighth in the nation in job creation . . . we are No. 1 in the Midwest.
fake	Obamas Justice-designate Sotomayor threw out (the New Haven firefighters) lawsuit in a sneaky, unsigned opinion -- the judicial equivalent of talk to the hand.
real	The lifespan of the average American is less than that of people in nations that spend far less (on health care). ... To put it bluntly, we spend more and die sooner.
fake	The fact that one town has three lanes dedicated to it, that kind of gets me sauced.
fake	Regulations on developers have thwarted construction on county-owned land in Milwaukees downtown Park East corridor.
fake	A hidden provision in the health care law taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
real	For every extra year that a girl stays in secondary school, her chance of getting infected with HIV/AIDS decreases by half.
fake	Our numbers are going up at the airport.
real	Connecticut has the fifth toughest gun control laws in the country, including an assault weapons ban that bans 35 different weapons.
fake	Says President Barack Obama is not paying women equally by his own measures in his own White House.
real	The U.S. representatives that voted to keep militarizing the police received 73 percent more campaign money from the defense industry than the representatives who voted to stop it.
real	Before taking executive action on immigration, President Obama stated 22 times that he does not have the authority to change immigration laws on his own.
real	My opponent on day one of this campaign attacked me on Medicare and Medicare Advantage and that claim was found to be False.
fake	A cap-and-trade bill would destroy over 50,000 jobs in Virginia.
real	Says Will Rasmussen falsely claimed he had lived in the West Linn district for about a year.
real	The economy is creating jobs at the fastest pace since 1999.
real	If you take the population growth here in Virginia, we are net zero on job creation since (Bob McDonnell) became governor.
fake	Says crime statistics show blacks kill 81 percent of white homicide victims.
real	The United States is about 100th in voter turnout among the industrialized nations, and Texas is near the bottom in terms of voter registration and voter turnout.
real	The state covered a smaller percentage of the cost of K-12 education in 2013 than it did in 2002.
real	Barack Obama accepted $200,000 from executives and employees of oil companies.
fake	The voting public had no say in the Atlanta regions proposed transportation project list.
real	Says more than eight countries lead the United States in the percentage of college graduates.
fake	Says Obama is only president in history who has deliberately removed the words endowed by their Creator when referring to the Declaration of Independence.
real	Our average private sector employee pays 23 percent for their health care. Our average city worker in Ohio pays 9 percent.
real	Oil companies showered regulators (at the Minerals Management Service) with gifts and favors, and were essentially allowed to conduct their own safety inspections and write their own regulations.
fake	I was appointed U.S. attorney by President Bush on Sept. 10, 2001.
fake	Paul Ryan is one of less than a dozen Republican congressmen to have voted for every bailout to come before Congress.
real	Replacing 100,000 old toilets with water-efficient models has saved 2.4 million gallons of water every day.
fake	Says Texas school systems lose 45 days a year on testing.
real	It cost us more to shut the government down than to keep it open.
real	In 1968, a full-time worker earning minimum wage, could actually support a family of three above the poverty line. Today, that same worker would earn less than the poverty line for a family of two.
fake	Says his free public university tuition program is paid for by a tax on Wall Streets speculation.
fake	Wisconsins laws ranked the worst in the world for mining investment.
real	Says that in the recent year homeowners across Ohio have signed mineral rights agreements and I understand that over a billion dollars worth of leases have been signed to date.
real	Even our attorney general who is a strong Democrat, she has said that we need causation in our workers comp system. Thats the No. 1 thing pushing our manufacturing jobs out of Illinois.
real	Says Donald Trump has supported a Canadian-style universal health care system.
real	Mike Trainor...still owes $250,000 to the state.
real	The Koch brothers are one of the biggest polluters in the country.
real	91% of suspected terrorists who attempted to buy guns in America walked away with the weapon they wanted.
real	Georgia has the nations fifth largest Women, Infants and Children (WIC) Supplemental Nutrition program, serving more than 270,000 mothers, babies and children every day.
fake	Says Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson threatened to shoot him.
real	Christmas trees are grown in all 50 States.
fake	Wisconsins Government Accountability Board wanted to consider Mickey Mouse and Adolf Hitler as valid signatures on recall petitions.
real	The median income of a middle class family went down $2,100 from 2001 to 2007.
real	Women in Oregon are paid 79 cents for every dollar paid to men. If the wage gap was eliminated, a working woman in Oregon would have enough money for 2,877 gallons of gas, 72 more weeks of food for her family or nearly 12 more months of rent.
real	Says MAX carries 30 percent of evening rush-hour commuters traveling from Downtown on the Sunset and Banfield freeways.
real	Rhode Island is the only state where officers at state-supported [colleges] carry out their duties unarmed.
real	Maurice Ferre says Kendrick Meek has voted 98.6 percent of the time with the Democrat party.
fake	The things I said (during the prank call by a blogger posing as GOP contributor David Koch) are the things Ive said publicly all along about the Wisconsin budget debate.
real	Dodd brought both parties together to pass the Family and Medical Leave Act.
real	Texas has the nations highest rate and highest number of uninsured.
real	Exit polls indicate that Democrats get over 70 percent of LGBT votes in federal elections.
fake	Says Wisconsin state Senate President Michael Elllis (R-Neenah) broke Senate rules during debate on a photo ID bill for voters.
real	Ohio today has the fewest number of state employees since the Reagan administration.
fake	Amendments (Hillary Clinton) supported and voted for in 2006, she no longer supported in 2008, showing she changed positions on an India nuclear deal.
fake	Barack Obama had 150 days in the U.S. Senate where he was able to vote quite often 'present.'
fake	Says Governor-elect Scott Walkers choice as transition team leader killed the release of a damaging report on Walkers record in the days leading up to the election.
real	This is not a joke: the president wants to house illegal aliens on our nations military installations.
real	He received "A" ratings from "every conservative organization that gives ratings."
real	@realDonaldTrump is coming to San Antonio, which is 60% Mexican-AMERICAN.
fake	Every one of more than 30 federal judges who have considered the issue of gay and lesbian rights since last June ruled that marriage is a constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of that right based on their sexual orientation.
fake	Leticia Van de Putte voted to stop schools from removing teachers convicted of a felony.
real	(Bill) McCollum also voted for numerous amendments to weaken the legislation, even voting to make trains less accessible to those in wheelchairs.
fake	Woonsocket needs a garbage-burning power plant because residents are paying through the nose for electricity thats fueled by foreign oil, at prices that are skyrocketing.
real	For the first time in nearly two decades, we produce more oil here in the United States than we buy from the rest of the world.
fake	Most of Ted Cruzs money comes from Washington, from outside the state of Texas.
real	Says Donald Trump won more counties than any candidate on our side since Ronald Reagan.
real	Says more than $3.5 billion in state revenue that is supposed to be dedicated to basic needs and functions is being diverted to make the books look balanced.
real	You cant bring an iPad or a piece of paper and a pencil in the (Wisconsin Assembly) gallery to take notes of whats going on, but you can bring a gun up there.
real	Ninety-five percent of Oregonians now have health insurance coverage, tens of thousands for the very first time.
real	Rhode Island has the highest percentage of uninsured adults of any state in New England.
fake	The health care law imposes the largest tax increase in history on the middle class.
real	This guy didn't even support Ronald Reagan.
fake	Photos prove the Denver light rail system has low ridership.
fake	On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
fake	On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
fake	On changing the rules for filibusters on presidential nominees
fake	Says the case of a Texas judge who refused to perform heterosexual weddings exposes a double standard in the case against Kentucky clerk Kim Davis.
fake	Ted Strickland stands in lockstep with Hillary Clinton and the abortion lobby in their desire to force Americans to pay for abortion on demand, up until the moment of birth, with their taxpayer dollars.
real	Says that illegal immigrants get a $100,000 break on University of Texas tuition over four years.
real	Sherrod Brown has voted with Barack Obama 95 percent of the time.
fake	NASA scientists fudged the numbers to make 1998 the hottest year to overstate the extent of global warming.
real	Says David Vitter answered a prostitutes call minutes after he skipped a vote honoring 28 soldiers who gave their lives in defense of our freedom.
real	Says Hillary Clinton promised, running for the Senate years ago, 200,000 jobs for upstate New York. ... Not only didnt they come, but they lost so many jobs.
fake	Property tax exemptions can be granted to small businesses that move into Milwaukee County.
fake	Bill White ... supports the ObamaCare socialized medicine plan, as well as Cap and Trade legislation that would kill thousands of Texas jobs.
real	Says unions call Obamacare bad for workers.
fake	Says the government wants to require farm tractor drivers to hold commercial drivers licenses even if theyre just crossing a single public road.
fake	Says there is an upcoming vote to preserve benefits of Texas homestead exemption for seniors and the disabled.
fake	Says the Obama administration is handing out a pamphlet titled, What To Do When The Veteran In Your Classroom Attempts A Mass Shooting
fake	The cost-saving measures we put into place at Columbia/HCA drove down national health care inflation from 18% to 8% in seven years.
real	The government does not need a warrant to read your old emails.
real	The Great Lakes Compact has a loophole. And the loophole is that while you cannot remove the water in a big transport, you can remove it in containers of 5.7 gallons or less.
real	If you will go look up the definition of act of God, weve used it in legal terms for a long time in this state.
fake	Last year the (Medicaid Fraud Control Unit) in Virginia alone recovered over $200 million!
fake	After Sandy Hook, Ted Cruz stopped Obamas push for new gun control laws.
fake	Obama thinks the national anthem should be "I'd Like to Teach the World to Sing."
real	Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison's "concession speech came with less than 20 percent of the precincts having been counted.
real	By some estimates, as few as 2 percent of the 50,000 (Central American) children who have crossed the border illegally this year have been sent home.
fake	Eric Cantor voted to fully fund Obamacare in October.
fake	Says the congressional ethics investigation against him was conducted by a very partisan political committee in a way that related more to the politics of the Democratic Party than to ethics.
real	Laurie Monnes Anderson voted to let violent criminals out of jail early.
fake	The United States has a record number of abortions year after year after year.
fake	Says Scott Walkers bad budget includes: No weekend for workers.
fake	Ann McLane Kuster is for a government takeover of health care more radical than Obamacare. And she supports a $700 billion cut to Medicare for current retirees.
fake	President Obama plans to impose a tax of at least 23 percent on the Medicare prescription drug benefit for low-income beneficiaries.
fake	Says President Barack Obama has said that everybody should hate the police.
fake	Greenlight Pinellas wont take existing lanes from other vehicles.
real	We now sell more products made in America to the rest of the world than ever before.
real	If you look at last year's presidential campaign, "you can't find a mention of public option."
real	We have 650 people who move to Texas every day.
real	The U.S. initially had three federal felonies: treason, piracy, and counterfeiting securities and money.
real	Today, for the first time in fifteen years, Master Locks unionized plant in Milwaukee is running at full capacity.
real	Florida has more concealed weapons permits than any other state.
real	In Texas, there are 668 Democratic Hispanic elected officials to the 60 in the Republican Party.
fake	Congress includes 36 people accused of spousal abuse, 84 arrested for drunk driving in the past year, 71 with terrible creditand more.
fake	Bill Gunter would drain millions from local public schools, and give our tax dollars to private, for-profit schools run by out-of-state corporations.
fake	The photonics bill that was sponsored in Congress and written, was written by Congressman Tom Reed, not Congresswoman Louise Slaughter.
real	Three thousand felons voted in Rhode Island in 2008.
real	African-Americans dont use drugs at a higher level than whites but wind up going to prison six times more.
real	In the 2014 election, 80 percentofpoor people did not vote.
fake	In a watershed 1958 decision, the Warren court asserted by itself that the Supreme Court was supreme over the president and the Congress.
real	America is No. 1 in wind power.
real	The United States is the leading nation in the world with the highest amount of doubt about the conventional wisdom of climate change.
real	In a majority of states, you can now marry freely, but can still be fired for who you love.
fake	Washington politicians are paid over $200,000 an hour for speeches.
real	Virginia is the only state that has a tradition of attorneys general resigning if they run for governor.
fake	Says Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley reduces 36 percent of felonies to misdemeanors and hands them off to her.
real	All (Maryland) crabs are born in Virginia.
real	New Jersey has the second highest rate of institutionalization of people with developmental disabilities in America. Only Texas puts more of its citizens -- confines more of its citizens -- to institutions than New Jersey.
real	Florida shelled out more money for drug testing than it saved by denying welfare benefits to people who tested positive for drugs.
fake	Democratic U.S. House candidate Julie Lassa pushed for a Canadian-style government takeover of health care.
real	Heroin comes in the United States from the southern border.
real	Says a change in law he carried stopped a $100 million tax increase in the Dallas school district.
real	Texas population is projected to double in the next 50 years or so, but our basic amount of water will remain about where it is now.
real	Says Obama administration delay of health care laws employer mandate affects about 1 percent of the American workforce.
real	Says the high-speed rail project provides short-term jobs.
fake	Wisconsin was embroiled in a constitutional crisis brought on by the Democratic senators fleeing the state for Illinois to block Gov. Scott Walkers budget-repair bill.
fake	Under John McCain's health care plan, people get a $5,000 tax credit to buy a $12,000 health care policy, and "that's a loss for you."
fake	Say Matt Wand cut Troutdale police, created a slush fund for himself.
fake	The federal health care law is probably the biggest tax increase ever in the history of our country.
real	With the resources it takes to execute just over three months of the Iraq war, we could fully fund the expansion of health care for needy children that Bush vetoed.
fake	Georgia has a well-deserved reputation for setting the gold standard for food safety.
real	George Bush ... used a signing statement (on a FEMA bill) to say, 'I don't have to follow that, unless I choose to.'
real	Georgia has saved $20 million through changes in criminal sentencing.
fake	Obamacare is one big fat VA system.
fake	The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau passed a rule giving the agency unprecedented power to shut down businesses, no matter what the reason, at any time it wishes.
fake	Says Donald Trump is against minimum wage.
fake	Elena Kagan is a New York City radical, Marxist lawyer through and through.
real	We now do have evidence that Donald Trump is being used as a recruiting tool for terrorists.
fake	Says Romney had the uniforms for the 2002 Winter Olympic games made in Burma.
fake	The Wisconsin Department of Corrections is considering implementing mandatory physical fitness testing for security staff.
fake	Says PolitiFact issued a True ruling on Paul Krugman calling Governor Christie a fiscal phony.
fake	The Iranian parliament will get to say yes or no on this deal, and I think the United States Congress should have the exact same input into the process.
real	Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin wants a completely government-controlled health care system that goes far beyond Obamacare and is a Medicare system for all.
real	Says Donald Trump started his career back in 1973 being sued by the Justice Department for racial discrimination because he would not rent apartments in one of his developments to African-Americans.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton is proposing to print instant work permits for millions of illegal immigrants to come in and take everybodys jobs, including low-income African-Americans.
fake	There is a provision in the economic stimulus plan that means that "students cannot meet together in their dorms, if that dorm has been repaired with this federal money, and have a prayer group or a Bible study."
fake	Says the secret John Doe criminal investigation of his campaign has been resolved and two judges have said it is over.
real	The United States is the oldest democracy in the world.
fake	One-third of the health care dollar goes to no such thing as health care; it goes to the insurance companies.
real	Says hesso bipartisan that 12 of my bills were signed into law by Democratic President Bill Clinton.
real	Oregon House Republicans jobs plan could generate more than 50,000 jobs over five years.
real	Agriculture is the strongest industry in Ohio.
real	No other country has a constitutional right like the Second Amendment.
fake	Throughout, we have kept Congress fully informed of our efforts to create a legal framework on counterterrorism.
fake	If Congress fails to act, the Obama administration intends to give away control of the internet to an international body akin to the United Nations.
fake	In 2013, Dan Patrick voted against funding to test the backlog of rape kits, allowing rapists to walk free.
fake	Georgia lawmakers are now considering passing the most extreme gun bill in America.
fake	Says he is the reason we do not pay a toll every time we pass over the bridge at MoPac and William Cannon.
real	18 percent of our land in our state right now is either federally, state or county owned for conservation purposes.
real	Says that except for Donald Trump, every other major party nominee for the past 40 years has released their tax returns.
fake	[My administration is] well represented both racially, ethnically and gender-wise.
fake	The Greenest County in America.
fake	Says Bill White is for gay marriage.
real	Says President Barack Obama promised a pathway to citizenship to undocumented immigrants and didnt deliver jack squat on any of it.
fake	In 2011, Alabama and Massachusetts passed legislation allowing non-citizens who are legal residents to vote in state and local elections.
real	Says Jeb Bush said low-income women should get their life together and find a husband.
fake	We import more oil today than ever before.
real	Many of the top officials at the Port Authority earn more money than the governors of the states that have jurisdiction over them.
fake	One of the key things about Leonard Lance is that in 2008, when you look at [the] Project Vote Smart website, he was not for guns. Now he has gone too far to the right, saying that you can carry concealed weapons in national parks.
real	During the last election, Democrats won over a million votes more than Republicans, but because of the way districts are designed, the Republicans got 33 more members of the House of Representatives than the Democrats did.
real	The proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline is a bipartisan proposal.
real	We are in the bottom 10 in dollars in the classroom and the top 10 in dollars in the bureaucracy and red tape.
real	Here in Wisconsin, weve put in previous budgets more money into mental health services than any governor has in the last 25 years.
fake	Nevada is still a state that is 80 percent white voters.
real	Marco Rubio voted against authorizing President Obama to strike Syria after Assad used chemical weapons on his own people.
fake	The Obama administration just issued instructions that terrorism training should not involve any reference to Islam.
fake	Says U.S. Rep. Ann McLane Kuster used $293,000 of taxpayer money to send campaign mail.
fake	Under a public health care option, 120 million Americans will lose what they now get from private companies and be forced onto the government-run rolls as businesses decide it is more cost-effective for them to drop coverage.
fake	Every 1 percent increase in the cost of health insurance today causes about 30,000 Georgians to be uninsured.
fake	One of the main functions of the Department of Homeland Securitys SAVE database is checking voter registration citizenship status.
fake	Says both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton say Planned Parenthood is terrificand that it should keep taxpayer funding.
real	Says Bernie Sanders chose to spend his honeymoon in the Soviet Union in 1988.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton savaged the dignity of people who accused Bill Clinton of sexual harassment or assault and shamed them.
real	Says Ron Johnson likes to say there are too many lawyers in the Senate 57. Hed be the 70th millionaire.
fake	Says the Affordable Care Act was a federal takeover of the student loan industry and profits on the loans go to help pay for the health care law.
fake	Multnomah Countys food action plan clearly plans to disrupt the free market system in terms of food choices making it harder and more expensive for many residents to eat their food of choice.
fake	Barack Obama "wants the government to take over health care, spend hundreds of billions of dollars of new money for health insurance for everyone."
fake	The presidents health care law raids Medicare by more than $500 billion and creates a Medicare rationing board a group of 15 unelected bureaucrats to slow the growth of Medicare spending.
fake	Says there were only about eight or 10 inflammatory sentences in his newsletters.
fake	Attorney General Eric Holder is involved in the dismissal of the criminal charges against the New Black Panther Party for voter intimidation
real	In America, radical speech is not a crime.
real	Says he "fought against $3 billion in cuts to public education since 2003."
fake	People "can't go fishing anymore because of Obama."
fake	Did Obama know that Tony Rezko was saving him $300,000 on the purchase of his home?
fake	Judging by a recent vote, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz thinks its okay for medical marijuana patients to go to federal prison.
real	Americans spend 6.1 billion hours a year on tax preparation.
fake	A U.S. Government Accountability Office report says Planned Parenthood Federation of America cannot find some $1.3 billion given to it by the federal government from 2002 through 2008.
fake	One of the biggest polluters in our country is the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District.
real	Did U know? Block Island Wind Farm would mean 40% est. drop in BI electric rates.
fake	Obamacarerepresents the largest tax increase in the history of the world.
real	Says 94 percent of (Marco Rubios) constituents support a universal background check.
real	Georgia has had more bank failures than any other state.
real	Says the reforms in state Issue 2 will save taxpayer dollars
fake	Under Cuccinellis tax cut plan, school divisions across Virginia could be forced to fire over 8,000 teachers.
fake	Over the time that President Obama has been in office, we have lost 2.5 million free enterprise system jobs, and, yet, 500,000 federal government jobs have been added.
real	[T]his breed (of pit bulls) is most often associated with aggressive behavior.
fake	Since Obamacare became law, most of our new jobs have been part-time jobs.
fake	On job creation numbers in the latest Start-Up NY report: This is a significant number of overcounts in the compilation that Ive looked at.
fake	The Department of Health and Human Services is providing $160 million to the state of Pennsylvania to set up a new high-risk insurance pool program that would cover any abortion legal in the state.
fake	Rob Portman is the one who actually sucked the jobs out of the (Mahoning) Valley and sent them to China.
real	Says a YouTube video shows Thomas DiMassimo, the man who rushed Trump at an Ohio rally, dragging the American flag on the ground like it was a piece of garbage.
fake	The Austin school district calendar lists 64 different dates for either a state-mandated test or make-up test.
real	The worlds 62 richest people own the same wealth as the 3.6 billion poorest.
real	Says Obama has flip-flopped on public campaign financing.
real	Republican state lawmakers are refusing to give the people of their own states their own tax dollars back in the form of (expanded) Medicaid.
fake	Two elections in a row (Waukesha County Clerk Kathy Nickolaus) has screwed up counting the vote
fake	Says Scott Brown co-sponsored legislationto let employers deny women coverage formammograms.
fake	Polls on legalizing same-sex marriage are not dramatically changing.
fake	All the talk about socialism during the campaign made young people more interested in it by Election Day.
fake	Of the states that have a lieutenant governor, many are currently discussing the need for such an obsolete office.
fake	The Dodd-Frank financial-reform laws hundreds of new rules will force small banks and credit unions to burn up an estimated 2,260,631 labor hours just for compliance.
fake	Under the House health care bill, the government "will have to penalize citizens if we choose not to buy a plan that will cost a minimum of about $15,000 per family per year."
fake	Medicare monthly premiums will go up to $104.20 in 2012 and $247.00 in 2014 due to provisions incorporated in the Obamacare legislation, purposely delayed so as not to confuse the 2012 re-election campaigns.
fake	Says Joe Straus was co-author of a bill that would have allowed Planned Parenthood to control public school sex education.
real	Says legislation pending in the House would effectively limit or eliminate time-and-a-half for people who work overtime.
real	Bill McCollumhas "recovered $200 million in Medicaid fraud."
real	Unlike virtually every other campaign, we dont have a super PAC.
real	Says 77 percent of Portlands students finish elementary school without taking even one art class.
real	55 percent of the people who cast a provisional ballot (in Florida) in the last presidential election -- their vote did not count.
real	Says state Rep. Diana Maldonado of Round Rock uses Craigslist to hire campaign block walkers.
fake	Says Many people Ive talked to are angry that because of City Hall inaction we may have to spend a needless $500 million to cover and treat our pure drinking water.
fake	Onion Creeks highest flow rate on a recent night of flooding was 120,000 cubic feet per second, which is nearly double the average flow rate of Niagara Falls.
fake	The proposed mine in northern Wisconsin would be built without any government oversight, and will be nine miles long.
real	Says Jon Corzine gave away 14 percent raises over 4 years and he stood on the front steps of the Capitol at a public-sector union rally and said, I will fight to get you a great contract.
fake	Says Republican candidates in Oregon are advocating violence against gays.
real	Says only four Texas legislators voted against a law giving in-state tuition rates to certain illegal immigrants.
fake	Says Sen. Pat Toomey even tried to shut down the federal government in order to eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
fake	The percentage of black children born without a father in the home has risen from 7 percent in 1964 to 73 percent today, due to changes from President Lyndon Johnsons Great Society.
fake	The high-speed rail project would create 60,000-plus jobs for Floridians.
real	The United States has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world.
real	We are the only industrialized nation that relies heavily on a for-profit medical insurance industry to provide basic health care.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton will receive her congressional salary until she dies and the Secret Service pays her mortgage.
real	Says Donald Trump supports the Wall Street bailout.
real	When McCain was questioned about hiring lobbyists to his campaign staff, "his top lobbyist actually had the nerve to say, 'The American people won't care about this.' "
fake	If Fox News presidential debate rules had been in place during the1992 election,Bill Clinton wouldnt have beenon the stage.
fake	A new ruling by the EPA would force dairy farmers to comply with the Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasure Program when dealing with spilt milk -- the same regulations oil and natural gas producers must follow.
real	Women in Ohio earn on average 77 cents for every dollar earned by a man.
real	Says Georgia will send more state money per child to state charter schools and that budget cuts are not applied to those charter schools.
real	Nearly one in four people in their prime working years are not working.
fake	There is not one of the Muslim nations that doesnt have discrimination against women, discrimination against gays, subjugation of other religious beliefs.
real	Congress can tell [the Supreme Court] which cases they ought to hear. We have that authority.
real	Despite having their budget increased by over 40 percent since 2009 pending claims for benefits with the (Department of Veterans Affairs) have increased from 391,000 to 890,000 under the Obama Administration.
real	Democrats compare the infrastructure programs in the stimulus to the Eisenhower interstate program, "but he proposed a $500 billion highway system, and they're going to put $30 billion" into roads and bridges.
fake	What we said was, you can keep (your plan) if it hasnt changed since the law passed.
fake	David Cicilline is the 5th most liberal person in the House of Representatives.
real	Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson voted to let oil and gas companies emit unlimited carbon pollution into our air
real	The proposed education changes "will not cut one teacher's pay."
fake	Mitt Romney is the first major party candidate for president of the United States in modern times not to release at least 12 years of tax returns.
fake	Russ Feingold voted against the law that protected our lakes and was the only Great Lakes senator to vote no.
fake	About 47 percent of able-bodied people in the state of Maine dont work.
fake	The presidents own advisers have said theres a war on coal.
real	The GOP health care plan "would allow health insurance companies to continue engaging in unfair and discriminatory practices like denying coverage to people because of a pre-existing medical condition."
fake	Keystone XL allows Canada to pump their oil, send it through our land, down to the Gulf, where it will be sold everywhere else.
real	Sarah Palin "has had 12 years of elected office experience."
fake	In the case of General Motors, the (Bush) administration wrote a check without asking for any conditions of change.
fake	CNNs Crap Polling is so bad that it shows that no one under the age of 50 has an opinion of Hillary Clinton.
real	Under Republicans, recessions happen four times as frequently as under Democrats.
fake	The state-hired company that evaluates state-mandated student exams goes on Craigslist to get examiners to read our students essays.
real	The 12 hottest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
real	Trump Management was charged with discriminating against African-Americans and breaking federal law.
fake	E-mail quotes Maureen Dowd column that Obama has received suspicious contributions from Saudi Arabia, Iran and China.
real	Mitt Romney drove to Canada with the family dog Seamus strapped to the roof of the car.
fake	James Langevin has received almost $20 million from taxpayers and special interests to use at his own discretion to supposedly champion Rhode Islands needs.
real	For every dollar we invest in Head Start, we get $5 to $7 back into our economy.
real	We have 41,000 people right now on the waitlist for financial-based assistance for our tech colleges and universities, most of them for tech schools.
fake	76 percent of doctors support the use of medical marijuana
real	Less than half of the poorest American households have a home Internet subscription.
fake	The $5 billion website for Obamacare never worked. Still doesnt work.
real	Texas prosecutor Rosemary Lehmberg purchased 72 bottles of vodka in just one store alone, in just over a year.
fake	By using a little-known loophole ... Obama minions are allowing Nestle Company to export precious fresh water out of Lake Michigan.
real	Gun violence is by far the leading cause of death for young African American men, outstripping the next nine causes of death combined.
fake	Milwaukees police chief can fire officers for basically no cause.
real	Ill be running against a career politician.
fake	Terry McAuliffe has threatened to shut down Virginias government if his budget plan isnt supported.
real	Says the GOP is helping pay for Justice Rebecca Bradleys campaign and she recently skipped court to attend an event paid for by Scott Walkers lobbyist friends.
fake	The Declaration of Independence was written on paper made out of hemp.
fake	Says approximately 70 percent of jobs created in the United States in November 2007-2008 were in Texas.
real	Measles is one of the most common causes of child blindness worldwide.
fake	Says Tom Barrett supports a government takeover of our health care
real	Kewpie burgers are delicious. An Ohio institution. And theyll cost less thanks to John Kasichs tax cut.
real	Millions of people have given up looking for work altogether.
real	Romney used to favor gun control, and said he didn't want to go back to Reagan-Bush.
fake	Obamacare is so flat-out unpopular, that even the Obama administration chose to reject part of Obamacare last Friday, when they tried to throw out the CLASS Act, which is the long-term care function.
real	Harris County, Texas has some of the highest jailing and incarceration rates in the U.S. and the world.
real	One industry in America has increased its employment base in the last four years by 176,000 people: the United States government.
real	In 1935, more than 50% of the elderly population lived in poverty. Today that poverty rate stands officially at 9.4%.
real	We went from losing 3 million jobs in the last six months of the Bush Administration, adding almost 600,000 private sector jobs in the first six months of the year.
fake	Federal Reserve policies have led to a 69 percent rise in corn prices, 44 percent rise in wheat prices and 15 percent spike in sugar prices over the last year.
fake	If you have an investment for your child's education or own a mutual fund or a stock in a retirement plan, (Obama) is going to raise your taxes.
fake	Under Scott Walkers policies, the typical Wisconsin family has actually seen their real income drop by nearly $3,000 in the last four years.
real	Says Mitt Romney has refused to say whether he would have vetoed or signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act.
real	Says she was the the only Democrat who voted against the Wall Street bailout."
real	The city of Clarkston cant decriminalize marijuana. Only state legislators and Congress can do that.
real	Says out of 588 school districts, we give 31 (former Abbott) districts 70 percent of the aid.
fake	This rule could prevent children under 18 from using such tools as a power screwdriver, a milking machine or something as simple as a wheelbarrow on the family farm . . .
real	Says Barack Obama has played over 90 rounds of golf as president.
real	Were the only major oil-producing nation in the world with a self-imposed ban on exporting our crude oil to other nations.
fake	If there were not derivatives, there would be no bank loans at all today.
fake	Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland voted to uphold D.C.s ban on handguns.
fake	Under the new health care law, all real estate transactions will be subject to a 3.8% Sales Tax
fake	The city building code violations on my properties only involve exterior issues; within the households, its fine.
real	More than 1.5 million people moved into Georgia between the past two Census counts, and a majority consider themselves, African-American, Latino or Asian-American.
real	Most state employees could pay twice as much toward their health care premiums and it would still be half the national average
fake	We havent yet taken out a negative ad.
real	If the space-shuttle program is terminated, Russia and China will be the only nations ...with the capability to launch humans into space.
fake	Wendy Davis raised money for a U.S. House Democrat who is a member of a Democratic socialists group.
real	Marco Rubio spent $400K of your tax dollars remodeling offices, and building a members-only lounge.
fake	I did not I did not I do not say that. I do not say that climate change is a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese.
real	At protests in Wisconsin against proposed collective bargaining changes, phony sick notes (were) passed out to excuse striking union members.
real	Currently, Florida is one of only five states in the nation that prohibit citizens from buying electricity from companies that will put solar panels on your home or business.
real	About 70 percentof Republicans nationwide ...dont think Donald Trump is the right guy to take on Hillary Clinton in November.
fake	Said Planned Parenthoods early objective was to help kill black babies before they came into the world.
real	While the United States has seen its unemployment rate steadily decline, New Jerseys remains nearly two percent higher than the national average and more than a point higher than Connecticut and New York.
real	Says the U.S. Attorneys Office said that neither I nor my campaign had any idea what was going on regarding my fathers illegal campaign contributions. And thats why they closed this case.
fake	Says the KKK marched in Mebane, N.C., after Trumps victory
fake	The party in the White House is responsible for a massive tax increase on the middle class.
real	Canada "does spills into their water to practice in the event that this would happen. That is not allowed in the United States."
real	Annual precipitation has increased in Rhode Island by over 12 inches in the last century.
real	Says Rick Santorum supported (Arlen) Specter over conservative candidates twice.
real	Geithner still didn't correct the same type of error for some years, even after the Internal Revenue Service flagged him for the failure to pay the taxes in other years.
real	In South Sudan, more teenage girls die in childbirth than finish high school.
real	About 85 percent of hotel guests who will pay the new $5 hotel/motel fee will be from outside Georgia.
real	Halliburton gave Dick Cheney a $34 million payout when he left the company to join the presidential ticket.
fake	Says that in 41 states, government workers are better paid than the taxpayers who support them.
real	Says the federal health care law upheld by the Supreme Court has improved or saved the lives of more than 4,000 Texans otherwise prevented from obtaining health coverage due to pre-existing conditions.
real	Says a growing number of extremely premature babies survive into healthy childhood.
real	Says Jeff Brandes voted to allow state-run Citizens Property Insurance to dump policies onto out-of-state, unregulated private companies.
fake	There was serious voter fraud in Virginia.
fake	Gov. Rick Scott tried to kick 180,000 people off the voter rolls.
fake	Amendment 4 will reduce Floridas economic output by $34 billion annually.
fake	The Democrats health care reform law is agovernment takeover of health care.
real	America produces more oil and gas than any other nation in the world.
real	Texas leads the nation in the percentage of residents without health insurance.
real	Says the state of Texas rates as unacceptable almost 500 of the states 8,000 public schools.
real	Republican ideas on health care dont give people an option to even enroll in something that they can afford.
real	The post-Soviet industrial meltdown is responsible for most of the progress in reducing carbon emissions that Europe is able to claim.
fake	The (health care) law does not demand that all of these cancellations go out.
real	MikeHuckabee.com gets "more hits than virtually any other presidential candidate."
fake	Says Charlie Crist is embroiled in a fraud case for steering taxpayer money to a de facto Ponzi scheme.
real	Says Joe Heck voted 10 times to defund Planned Parenthood ... and Heck opposes a womans right to choose, even when her health is at risk.
fake	Says Texas has been waiting for two years for the federal government to act on a proposal to allow the state to "create insurance opportunities for those that are uninsured today."
fake	Says Joe Sestak voted to gut Medicare ... reducing benefits for 854,489 seniors and jeopardizing access to care for millions.
fake	The reality is, with a $2 trillion-a-year health care budget, we're spending more on health care, nearly 17 percent of our gross domestic product, versus 3.8 percent of GDP on the entire military budget.
fake	In Buffalos SolarCity project, Andrew Cuomo will create maybe 500 jobs if it ever happens at all, at about $1.5 million per job.
real	FIFA pressured Brazil into passing a so-called Budweiser bill, allowing beer sales in soccer stadiums.
real	Only 14 percent of Catholics agree with the Vaticans position that abortion should be illegal.
fake	Most polls show foreign nations have lower regard for the U.S. now than they did before Obamas time.
real	Says Texas high school graduation rates are at an all-time highthe third-highest in the nationwhich represents a significant turnaround from just a few short years ago.
fake	Welcome to Wisconsin road signs have always been made in Wisconsin,but Scott Walker is outsourcing themto an out-of-state company and paying more money for them.
fake	Obama says his health care plan is "universal."
real	(Hillary Clintons State Department) actually admonished one of her ambassadors because he wasnt using the proper server.
fake	Hillary Clinton "agrees with (John McCain) in embracing the Bush-Cheney policy of not talking to leaders we don't like."
real	I was filibustered.
real	Says lawyer appointed by Eric Holder to investigate government leaks helped and donated to Obamas campaign, vetting vice presidential prospects.
fake	Obesity kills 34 children per hour.
fake	SaysPresident Obama and his allies in Congress gave power to control Medicare patients health care decisions to a commission of 15 unelected bureaucrats in Washington.
real	The Senate Republican education plan is an unfunded mandate for local school districts.
real	Congress shoveled $700 billion into the Troubled Assets Relief Program, $325 billion of which has been spent without purchasing any toxic assets.
real	The legislation ... that Senator McCain supports would provide the authority for the federal government to surveille American citizens in their own country without any suspicion whatsoever that they're engaging in discussions with terrorists or about criminal activity.
fake	Says Missouri Democratic Senate candidateJason Kander is attending fancy dinners all over the country.
fake	Not one illness has been reported from raw milk in Texas in more than four years. A total of six illnesses have occurred in the last 20 years.
real	The Bush-era tax cuts failed to increase employment and work-force participation fell in 2001 and has never returned to the record level set in 2000.
real	Deer baiting, planned for Block Island by DEM, is illegal in Rhode Island.
real	Says at the state level were spending more on tax expenditures than we are on public safety, health care and education combined.
real	Says a highway was closed in El Paso because of bullets flying across the border.
fake	The Obama Administration wants to have soldiers and officers pledge a loyalty oath directly to the office of the President, and no longer to the Constitution.
fake	Blocking a U.S. Supreme Court nomination during the remaining months of President Obamas term would leave the nations highest court with an unprecedented year-long vacancy.
real	Last year, we produced 14 percent less oil on public lands than we did the year before.
real	If you are a federally licensed gun dealer and your license is revoked because youve engaged in misconduct ... your entire inventory under prevailing law is deemed your personal collection. You then can sell it free from any background checks.
fake	Says Obama promised unemployment would never go above 8 percent.
real	My supporters arent special interest groups in Madison and Milwaukee.
real	Ohio is not meeting its obligation to update voter registrations when voters change their address with the BMV.
fake	About 800 people refused to get a drug screening because they are out there on drugs.
real	In June 2012 we actually had more people go on Social Security Disability [85,000] ... than the 80,000 jobs that were created.
real	On Lee Fishers watch, almost nine out of 10 jobs that Ohio lost were lost to other states, not to other countries.
fake	Florida has the second-lowest (campaign) contribution limit in the entire country.
fake	Fox admits they lie and, under the First Amendment, have the right to lie or deliberately distort news reports on public airwaves.
fake	U.S. Rep. Scott Rigell wants gun owners in a federal registration system.
fake	No one thought we could get a bipartisan bill (Medicaid) passed. We did in the Florida Senate.
real	As attorney general, I have prosecuted judges, district attorneys and other public officials across Texas who violated that (public) trust, who have been corrupted.
fake	Rick Scotts Administration spent over $100,000 of taxpayer money during their first voter purge attempt in 2012.
fake	West has raised $2 million from those that would leave our beaches in ruins, end Social Security and Medicare, and give corporations free reign.
fake	I dont know anything about David Duke.
real	More than 64 percent of minimum-wage earners are women.
real	Weve seen more anti-womens choice bills introduced in the first half of this session than weve seen in the last three General Assemblies.
fake	The American murder rate is 50 times that of any other developed nation.
fake	Hillary Clinton said gun confiscation would be worth considering.
fake	Says a pro-Democratic ad is false for saying that he allowed two disgraced staffers in 2012 to resign.
fake	Republicans made it easier to buy a gun in states they won in 2010.
real	Georgia is now the eighth most populous state in the nation, moving from the number 10 position in just four years.
real	Of the approximately 6 million disenfranchised felons in the United States, one-quarter are Floridians.
real	Despite the rhetoric from Democrat politicians, more people are employed this year than at any point in the history of Wisconsin.
real	Bernie Sanders passed more roll call amendments in a Republican Congress than any other member.
real	In New Hampshire, 93 percent of Democrats, 79 percent of Republicans, 82 percent of gun owners and 60 percent of NRA households support background checks.
real	Says under Wisconsin law, he cannot remove his name from the ballot for re-election to Congress.
fake	Virginias banning of felons from voting is a Jim Crow-era law.
fake	On whether a U.S. Supreme Court nominee should be forthcoming at confirmation hearings.
fake	Says Democratic challenger Russ Feingold was the deciding vote on Obamacare.
real	The U.S. Senate has one manufacturer thatd be me.
fake	College students who are NOT U.S. Citizens and who get the PELL Grant plan to return to their home countries after getting free gas cards and child care.
real	Says state's expected "increase in federal political clout is almost entirely due to the growth of the African American and Hispanic populations in Texas in virtually every region of the state.
fake	Democrat Stephen Webber voted to allow sex offenders to be within 500 feet of childcare centers and playgrounds, and even voted to allow sex offenders to be coaches.
fake	Obamacare doesnt require members of Congress to abide by the same rules that all of the other Americans do.
fake	Without the financial resources provided by hunters to protect habitat and stop poachers, there would be no infrastructure for wildlife management.
fake	Obamacare means that for up to 20 million Americans, they will lose the insurance they currently have, the insurance that they like and they want to keep.
fake	Says the vaccine to prevent HPV can cause mental retardation.
fake	The average age of first marijuana use is 12.
real	New England already has access to ample supplies of natural gas.
fake	Some doctors say Ebola can be transmitted through the air by a sneeze or some cough.
fake	The cap-and-trade bill before Congress prevents you from selling your home without the permission of the EPA administrator.
real	We have a federal government that thinks they have the authority to regulate our toilet seats.
fake	Obama has jumped the shark and ordered the ocean closed!
real	Making public colleges and universities tuition-free, that exists in countries all over the world, used to exist in the United States.
real	California has seen a 56 percent decline in the gun murder rate since the 1990s.
real	Youre more likely to get struck by lightning in Texas thanfind in-person voter fraud.
real	Under Obamacare, premiums have doubled and tripled in Wisconsin.
real	We've heard talk about curbing our use of fossil fuels in nearly every State of the Union address since the oil embargo of 1973.
fake	Say photographs of Hillary Clinton at the debate show what could be an earpiece.
real	Barack Obama got more campaign contributions from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac "than any other member of Congress, except for the Democratic chairmen of the committee that oversees them."
fake	Says Rep. Ken Legler voted against installing fire sprinklers and emergency power generators in nursing homes.
fake	Jobs that involve the minimum wage are overwhelmingly jobs for young people starting out in the workforce.
fake	The Obama administration shut down the Amber Alert program because of the government shutdown.
fake	Says aWHO proposal portrays milk and dairy products as an obstacle to a healthy start in life.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton abided by the ethics agreement between the Clinton Foundation and the Obama administration.
real	70 percent of Americans believe that we are on the wrong path.
real	Says by 4th grade, 86 percent of African-American boys and 82 percent (of) Hispanic boys are reading below proficiency levels.
fake	Says Michele Bachmann said English was good enough for Jesus when he wrote the Bible.
fake	The Democrats have already voted to ban our conventional light bulbs ... in favor of dangerous fluorescent light bulbs.
real	Bernie Sanders opposes the death penalty, and Hillary Clinton supports it.
fake	Common welfare programs give income of $43,330 or $20.83 an hour.
fake	Women who have miscarriages could be investigated by police under legislation supported by Republican state Senate candidate Rick Gudex.
fake	Says under his leadership Wisconsin median household income is up 2.7%, while it is down 1.3% nationally under President Obama.
fake	A YouGov.com poll shows 71 percent of Obama voters regret voting for him.
real	David Dewhurst currently owes more than $1 million to vendors for services provided to his 2012 U.S. Senate campaign.
real	The new Arizona immigration law "says that any police officer can stop anyone who appears to them to be reasonably suspicious of being an undocumented person."
real	The United States is 50th in life expectancy in the world.
fake	President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry agreed to lift Irans economic and arms sanctions without any proof of change in conduct.
fake	Millions could lose their health care coverage and be forced into a government pool under the new health care law.
real	Says the United States actually exports more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since, I think, 1949.
fake	I have not said that I was a single-payer supporter.
fake	Gov. Sarah Palin got precisely zero support for her call for Alaskas Democratic Senator Mark Begich to resign because Ted Stevens corruption conviction was overturned.
fake	For every single scientist that tells you (global warming is) happening and that its our fault...I can stack up another group of reports that say just the opposite.
fake	Says Republican gubernatorial candidate Scott Walker increased his own pay by $50,000.
real	According to one study, the minimum wage today is worth $2 less than in 1968.
real	Houston is the third-most toxic city in the United States of America.
fake	In North Carolina, they used stimulus money to hire one new state worker. His job, apply for more stimulus funds from the taxpayers by the way of the federal government.
fake	Under Obamacare, when you turn Medicaid over to the states ... the money will be available up front for the expansion for a few years. Then, the money will go away.
fake	At least a quarter of those apprehended at the border have criminal records.
fake	FCAT tests account for less than 1 percent of the instructional time provided during the year.
real	We have a governor whos vetoed measures like increasing our minimum wage and restoring the earned income tax cut.
fake	New Jersey taxpayers will now face the highest tolls in the country.
fake	Says Ted Cruzs father was with Lee Harvey Oswald before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.
fake	Says Marco Rubio said that felons should not have their voting rights restored but that convicted felons should be allowed to own guns after they have done their time.
fake	John McCain, "one of the richest people in a Senate filled with millionaires," says the solution to the housing crisis is for people to get a "second job" and "skip their vacations."
real	Women have come through the recession worse off than men the numbers bear that out. We went from a 7 percent unemployment rate for women when he (President Barack Obama) was elected to an 8.1 percent now.
real	In the last 10 years, Georgias middle class income has dropped $6,500.
fake	And 100 percent, John, of your ads . . . 100 percent of them have been negative.
real	Republican candidate for governor Ken Block was fined and had to admit that (he) funneled money illegally to the Moderate Party.
fake	The Pell bridge is a tourism bridge essentially and not a commuter bridge.
fake	Youre supposed to throw away your shoes ifmercury from a broken CFL light bulb gets on them.
fake	Says Gov. Scott Walkers repeal of a 2009 law has left Wisconsin as one of five states without an equal pay law protecting women from gender discrimination in their paycheck.
real	We built a new prison every 10 days between 1990 and 2005 to keep up with our mass incarceration explosion of nonviolent offenders.
real	In the history of the United States, 168 presidential nominees have been filibustered, 82 blocked under President Obama, 86 blocked under all the other presidents.
fake	Says combined inflation and unemployment rates in October 2011 were the highest since Ronald Reagan succeeded Jimmy Carter.
real	In April, Sen. McCain came out against helping women earn equal pay for equal work.
real	Says Texas lawmakers in 2011 ordered school districts to test every student on their respiratory system and weight.
fake	Social Security was advocated in the 1930s as a way of getting people to quit working, because they thought we were confined to a permanent scarcity of jobs in this country.
real	Says Hillary Clinton wonhealth care for 8 million children.
real	Says opponents of the health care law prevailed on our two main arguments to the U.S. Supreme Court.
fake	The projected revenue from the Mayweather/Pacquiao fight is larger than the annual GDP of 29 different countries.
real	An amendment, pushed by Lyndon Johnson many years ago, threatens religious institutions with a loss of their tax-exempt status if they openly advocate their political views.
fake	Rob Teilhet, Just another career politician.
fake	Federal employees are making twice as much as their private counterparts.
fake	There comes a point in the last year of the president, especially in their second term, where you stop nominating both Supreme Court justices and Court of Appeals judges.
real	Says Hillary Clintons campaign hasnt been clear about when she wiped herserverof her work emails.
real	Obama himself voted against funding our nation's veterans and troops in the field during a time of war.
fake	Says Tammy Baldwin introduced a bill that would require doctors and other health care workers to ask patients, including young children, whether they are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or if they know their gender identity.
real	Says he worked with the Democratic legislature to balance spending with revenues so that at the end of my four-year term, the rainy day fund was established at more than $2 billion.
real	Under the Arizona immigration law, police are required to check immigration status if someone's "lawn is overgrown" or if a dog is "barking too loudly."
real	In 2010, uninsured voters made up about 5 percent of the electorate.
real	Claims Ohio Gov. John Kasich says climate change is a problem.
fake	Here's a man who brags about how he made the city safe. It was the Biden crime bill that became the Clinton crime bill that allowed him to do that.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton set aside environmental and labor rules to help a South Korean company with a record of violating workers rights set up what amounts to a sweatshop in Haiti.
fake	Says Donald Trump doesnt make a thing in America.
real	Says Your kid just ate 16 packs of sugar.
fake	Obamacare is . . . the largest tax increase in the history of the world.
real	More money is dedicated within the Department of Homeland Security to climate change than whats spent combating Islamist terrorists radicalizing over the Internet in the United States of America.
real	Wisconsin is below the national average in wage growth and job growth.
fake	Under the Iran deal: If Israel attacks Iran were supposed to be on Irans side.
real	New Jersey has the largest transit system in the entire country.
real	While Exxon Mobil has 40 pages on its media response strategy, its plan for resource protection is only five pages long and its plan for oil removal is just nine pages long.
real	Nearly 6 in 10 uninsured Americanscan get health insurance for what may be the equivalent of your cell phone bill.
real	Since 2009, Georgias public schools have lost nearly 9,000 classroom teachers while the number of students has gone up.
fake	The Trans-Pacific Partnership was designed for China to come in, as they always do, through the back door and totally take advantage of everyone.
fake	The only reason the unemployment rate is going down is because twice as many people dropped out of the employment pool as the number of jobs were created.
fake	Says Sen. Sherrod Brown cast the deciding vote on the government takeover of health care.
fake	Says Elizabeth Warren lied when she says I want to abolish the Federal Minimum Wage.
fake	Says Schaufler was the only Democrat who voted to stop the states health care reform plan.
real	The Baucus bill "contains provisions that would send massive federal subsidies directly to both private insurance plans and government-chartered cooperatives that pay for elective abortion."
real	Just about everyone everywhere is spending more hours on the job, less time with their families, bringing home smaller and smaller paychecks, while theyre paying more and more at the gas pump and the grocery stores.
fake	Says Sen. Mark Pryor voted for special subsidies for lawmakers and staff in Congress so theyre protected from Obamacare.
fake	Says Donald Trump never said that more nations should get nuclear weapons.
fake	You will learn more about Donald Trump by going down to the Federal Elections to see the financial disclosure form than by looking at tax returns.
real	I was the most bipartisan senator in the United States Senate.
real	Says David Dewhurst accused Cruz of being a Red Chinese Communist.
fake	Millennials will be 75 percent of the workforce in the next 10 years.
real	[When I was mayor] Providence was one of the five renaissance cities of America, according to USA Today in those days. Money magazine said it was the fifth best city to live in in America. In addition to that, All Cities Almanac said in 1994, I believe, that it was the safest city in America.
real	Wisconsin is called the Badger State because our ancestors came here with the hopes of living the American dream by mining.
fake	Federal health care reforms amounted to the government takeover of health care.
real	Says Gov. Scott Walker cut aid to local schools despite campaigning on trying to restore two-thirds state funding for education
fake	Says President Barack Obama delivered $2 billion to Brazil to help with offshore drilling projects.
fake	Wisconsin wages are declining at double the rate of other states.
fake	Says Mark Warner told PolitiFact Nationals Lie of the Year in 2013.
real	I have 2 and a half million more votes than he (Sanders) does.
real	Probably less than 4 percent of Wisconsin residents are enjoying the subsidies from Obamacare.
fake	Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett has held the line on property taxes.
fake	Says Obama wants to give (Iran) nuclear weapons and Michael Bennet, he was all for it.
real	The city of Atlanta has $56 million in its reserves.
fake	The government -- not the armed forces -- is stockpiling hundreds of millions of rounds of ammunition for domestic use.
fake	Says Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio had it set so that the winner takes everything, because they wanted to make sure that I didnt get anything in the Florida primary.
real	When he served as governor, Schwarzenegger preserved more land than any other gubernatorial administration in Californias history.
fake	Says U.S. Rep. Nancy Pelosi said, Employers cutting hours is a good thing. It then gives that person time to pursue their dreams and passions.
real	Speaker Rubio supported gun restrictions that included background checks and waiting periods.
fake	No federal official at any level is currently allowed to say Merry Christmas.
real	On the day that (the Republican) state leader resigned in disgrace, a Shred-It' truck rolled up to Republican headquarters.
real	Since World War II, only Gerald Ford and Bill Clinton have had worse ratings after seven months than President Obama.
fake	Says Donald Trump hasnt broken his promise to release his tax returns.
fake	Says new GOP Wisconsin Assembly members voted to take funding away from their public schools in their districts to give it to private Milwaukee voucher schools.
fake	In the health care bill, "The 'Health Choices Commissioner' will decide health benefits for you. You will have no choice. None."
real	He has never voted for a federal restriction on gun ownership.
fake	The group that supported the presidents health care bill the most? Latinos.
real	In the last 29 months, our economy has produced about 4.5 million private-sector jobs.
fake	Says states not directly involved in the gay marriage lawsuits that reached the Supreme Court are not bound by the courts ruling.
fake	Under Floridas voting law, a requirement to turn in voter registrations within 48 hours makes it impossible to meet the deadline if youre working right to the end of the week.
real	Says Donald Trump saidas recently as a few weeks ago in Phoenix that every undocumented person would be subject to deportation.
real	State law says that once the state appraises a piece of property, they can only pay it a certain amount above appraisal.
fake	75 percent of the Obamacare tax falls on the middle class.
fake	Says Oregons high minimum wage is the reason why by 2011, Oregons restaurants employed an average of only 13.8 workers, or 2.6 fewer employees than they did before the states minimum wage began rising above the federal level in 1997.
fake	Says to Hillary Clinton, You heard what I said about (the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal), and all of a sudden you were against it.
fake	On whether BPs $20 billion fund to compensate oil spill victims is a slush fund.
fake	Barack Obama issued a decree demanding that every public school now allow grown men and boys into the little girls bathroom.
fake	When one person sneezes, it goes all the way through the aircraft.
real	More women are graduating from college now than men.
fake	Gonzales losing campaign against me last spring was funded with more than $1 million from supporters and allies of Governor Bruce Rauner.
real	GEORGIA ROADWAY FATALITIES THIS YEAR: 59 PLEASE DRIVE SAFELY
fake	Says Connie Mack failed to pay his child support.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton is wrong to say he mocked a disabled reporter.
fake	In 2012, 1 in 4 Wisconsin schools had a subpar score on the Department of Public Instructions recent report cards and are failing the children they serve.
fake	Says unions take away hard-earned money of teachers, firefighters and police officers to play politics.
real	Cantors campaign spent more at steakhouses than Brat spent on his entire campaign.
real	At least Obama didn't marry his cousin, as Giuliani did.
real	When the City and the Fairmount Park Conservancy invested $5 million in Hunting Park, crime went down 89 percent within a half mile radius of the park over the next three years.
real	Says Bill Nelson voted 98 percent of the time with Barack Obama.
fake	The Obama Health and Human Services Department is planning to compile a federal health record on all U.S. citizens by 2014, including each individuals Body Mass Index.
fake	Politicians and their corporate lobbyists are trying to take away my right to spend my paycheck how I want.
fake	Ted Cruz is unknown to the vast majority of Texans.
fake	Says Larry Taylor gave in-state tuition to illegal immigrants.
real	Wisconsins attorney general and state treasurer ordered the daughter of Earth Day founder Gaylord Nelson not to discuss climate change on state time.
fake	When you were casting your vote for Republicans, Brian Kemp was voting for Democrats. message-machine,voting-record doug-macginnitie Sandy Springs City Councilman Georgia republican 1 1 0 0 0 a campaign commercial
real	Governor Deal has increased education spending every year hes been in office.
fake	A major part of the climate change bill sponsored by Sens. John Kerry and Joe Lieberman was essentially written by BP.
fake	During the Reagan administration, "Millions of people were thrown out of work."
real	Wisconsins concealed-carry permit rules demand more proof than other states that safety training requirements are met, rendering all existing (training) certificates insufficient as part of the permit application
real	Over 40 percent of children born in America are born out of wedlock.
real	The law, right now, permits companies that close down American factories and offices and move those jobs overseas to take a tax deduction for the costs associated with moving the jobs to China or India or wherever.
real	To comply with non-discrimination laws, the government is forcing people in business to make wedding cakes for anyone.
fake	The bill reported out of committee sets up a $50 billion slush fund that, while intended for resolving failing firms, is available for virtually any purpose that the treasury secretary sees fit.
real	On the main GOP presidential debate:Not one candidate on the debate stage has military experience
real	Theres pretty much no question that [the curfew ordinances] arent effective in either reducing crime or preventing harm to young people.
real	Im the only governor in America ... who signed a law that says there needs to be an independent investigation any time theres a death of someone in police custody.
real	New Jersey has had seven credit downgrades since Chris Christie became governor.
real	More than once, Ive actually had a conversation with the protesters on substance.
real	Says I dont agree with Mr. Hales that we should give a sweeping break to the developers to allow them to build that infill housing without paying for those very basics.
real	The city of Portland has won more national Constitution contests than any city in America.
real	Todays marijuana is 300 percent to 800 percent more potent than the pot of yesteryear.
real	Cobb County businesses have already been awarded contracts worth $250 million on construction of a new Braves stadium.
fake	President Obama . . . wants to mandate circumcision.
real	State Sen. Alberta Darling voted to add more than $1 billion in additional spending while cutting programs such as education and health care
fake	Gov. Terry McAuliffe has made several statements that he would love to be in a Cabinet secretary position with the Clinton administration.
real	Legislation being considered in Texas would strip the salaries and pensions of clerks who issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples even if the Supreme Court strikes down Texas marriage ban later this year.
real	In every committee when the health care bill was considered, Democrats voted against an amendment that would require members of Congress and their staff to take the government-run public option as their health care plan.
real	So what sort of services does Romney's health care plan provide? Per the state Web site: $50 co-pay for abortions.
real	We have 33,000 people a year who die from guns.
real	Only 42 percent of young Georgians have a college certificate or degree, but soon 60 percent of jobs will require some college credential.
real	In the 18th Congressional District, 100% of electric generation comes from coal.
real	Donna Campbell has called for ending all federal funding for education
fake	This president spends 30 times as much money on global warming research as he does on weather forecasting and warning.
fake	Says the average government worker wont be impacted in the first two years under the reform of state health benefits.
real	Health care premiums for consumers have doubled since 2001.
real	The law has not established whether Rhode Island public employees have property rights to their pensions.
real	Says Nevadans will have a double-digit hike in their Obamacare premiums for the year and 10 of Nevadas 16 counties will only have one Obamacare...exchange insurer
fake	Six thousand people have sought addiction treatment through expanded Medicaid.
real	If you count United States airstrikes against ISIS, 75 percent of those combat missions return to base without having fired a weapon.
real	Giving the facts: 73,000 jobs created ... since 11. Do you know how many direct jobs in the auto industry? 1,800.
real	David Perdue did not support the 2014 farm bill that U.S. Sens. Isakson and Chambliss did.
real	Federal investigators found a company that (David Perdue) ran discriminated against women -- paid them less than men for the same work.
fake	I was the first member of Congress to call him (Barack Obama) a socialist...
fake	Some Republican leaders in Congress are pushing to make privatizing Social Security a key part of their legislative agenda if they win a majority in Congress this fall.
real	Rhode Island could tell you who has a camper, but we couldnt figure out who has a gun.
fake	Ronald Reagans signature on the 1986 amnesty act gave Barack Obama about 15 million additional Hispanic votes in 2012.
real	Ohios Planned Parenthood operations received millions of taxpayer dollars via federal grants in 2010 and 2011.
real	On deporting illegal immigrants.
fake	Says the oil industry subsidies that President Barack Obama is attacking dont exist
fake	The state GOP ticket says their top priority is a career-long mission to outlaw abortion in all cases and ban some common forms of birth control.
fake	Before the HOPE scholarship, 70 percent of the high school students who made 1400 or above on their SAT left the state of Georgia. Now, 70 percent of those stay in the state of Georgia.
fake	The money supply has doubled in the last year.
real	Rhode Islands exports have increased by 53 percent in the last two years.
fake	Fifty-three percent of teens in Central Falls are getting pregnant.
fake	Between 2008 and 2014, criminal aliens accounted for 38 percentof all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York.
real	Russia and China absolutely said clearly they would not keep economic sanctions on Iran if the United States walked away from the deal.
real	Texas children may have a teacher who never spent one minute practicing teaching.
fake	Twenty percent of single adults, ages 21 to 25 with no kids, are not working or even in school trying to find a job.
fake	Says Barack Obama knew half of the population of the United States would lose their health insurance.
fake	U.S. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on whether Senate Democrats would seat Roland Burris.
fake	Says a tweet he sent out wasnt saying, check out a sex tape. It was just take a look at the background of Alicia Machado.
real	Texas now has the second-highest high school graduation rate in the country. And it has the highest graduation rate for African Americans and Hispanics.
real	[L]ess than one-tenth of Atlantas transportation needs are covered in a referendum to levy a 1-cent sales tax.
fake	Faced with $1 million in campaign debt, Scott Walker is unloading his campaign security costs onto the backs of Wisconsin taxpayers.
fake	The 9-9-9 plan does not raise taxes on those that are making the least.
fake	Atlanta Public Schools 2011 CRCT tests were given under the strictest security possible.
real	More than 72 percent of children in the African-American community are born out of wedlock.
fake	Rick Perry thinks injecting 11- and 12-year-old girls with a controversial drug (the HPV vaccine), without a parents consent, is a good idea.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton and Ralph Northam label police as racists.
fake	Theres talk in Congress now about basically confiscating your private 401(k) or IRA plan and rolling it into Social Security to strengthen Social Security.
fake	Says Alex Sink failed Florida homeowners by using predatory lending practices.
fake	Says the paperback edition of Mitt Romneys book deleted line that Massachusetts individual mandate should be the model for the country
real	In 1968 the average corporate CEO made 20 times the average workers pay. Today that multiple is about 350.
real	We are number one in the world when it comes to energy resources. ... The Russians are second; Saudi Arabia is number three.
real	Says the unemployment rate for college graduates is 4.4 percent and over 10 percent for noncollege-educated.
real	There are 7,000 kids in New Hampshire who have health care because I helped to create the Children's Health Insurance Program.
real	Says Donald Trump literally has no plans to make higher education more affordable.
fake	Says his Patient OPTION Act is the only Republican plan that completely repeals Obamacare and it takes the federal bureaucrat out of decisions for you.
fake	Ann Kuster supports the government takeover of healthcare, which robs Medicare of over $700 billion.
fake	There was serious voter fraud in New Hampshire.
real	Theres no statistical evidence that a waiting period for handgun purchases reduces violence whatsoever.
fake	If you sell your house after 2012 you will pay a 3.8 percent sales tax on it.
real	Says Donald Trump has outlined policies that read like a Kremlin wish list.
real	Says Hillary Clintons top 10 donors are mainly banks, corporations and media, while Bernie Sanders top 10 donors are labor unions.
fake	U.S. troops are getting only 4 hours of Ebola training before deployment to Liberia.
fake	Says the Obama administration plans to reduce the number of beds devoted to holding individuals violating immigration laws and to release hundreds of dangerous criminals into our communities.
fake	Says tanking Rick Perrys federal tax plan has huge tax cuts for rich people and big tax hikes for everyone else.
real	If Obamacare is fully implemented, 30 million people will still be without health insurance.
real	If you are black or brown, you are nine times more likely to be stopped and frisked in New York City.
real	Says Ive authored the first bipartisan tax reform bill in a quarter-century.
fake	You and I know that in the history of mankind and womankind, government federal, state, local, or otherwise has never created one job.
fake	Says Rand Paul thinks drug-dealing, theft, burglary and prostitution should be decriminalized.
fake	The Democrats' health care bills would provide "free health care for illegal immigrants."
fake	The federal government can tell General Motors what to charge for its automobiles.
real	Snitker has been virtually ignored by the major media.
fake	Says Ron Johnson voted five times for tax breaks that help companies ship Wisconsin jobs overseas.
fake	President Eisenhower, on the night before the Normandy invasion...[wrote a] letter of resignation to the United States Army for the failure of the landings at Normandy.
fake	Says an Obama administration policy prohibits people who work with at-risk youth from promoting marriage as a way to avoid poverty.
real	Says Texas lawmakers last year expanded public educations share of state spending.
fake	While states used to have regulatory power over fishing, federal law now regulates down to the tenth of the inch the minimum size of fish that anglers can keep.
real	I became a Republican sooner in my life than Ronald Reagan did in his.
real	I believe we should have tax on carbon and deal aggressively with climate change. That is not (Hillary Clintons)position.
fake	The stories from women saying he groped or forced himself on them largely have been debunked.
fake	Elorza wants to teach our public school children about the non-existence of God.
real	Sharron Angle would eliminate the Department of Education.
real	Says 100,000 are on waiting list to attend Texas charter schools.
real	Says 18 states and the District of Columbia have voted Democratic in six consecutive presidential elections.
real	The right-to-work states are creating a lot more jobs today than the heavily unionized states.
fake	If African-Americans vote their percentage of the population in 2008, "Mississippi is suddenly a Democratic state."
real	Says over the last 48 years, every governor at the midterm of his first term or her first term has lost seats in the Legislature, with the exception of Jim McGreevey in 2003.
real	John McCain decided to stand with George Bush 95 percent of the time (last year).
fake	Women in the U.S. get 23 percent less pay than men for the same exact work.
real	The poorest in this country are women.
real	Did you know that the U.S. is one of the very few nations in the world without an official language?
real	At the 50 Milwaukee schools serving at least 80% African-American and at least 80% low income students, the reading proficiency is 8%.
fake	Says high-speed rail would have created 60,000 jobs.
fake	The health care law is the largest tax [increase] in the history of our country
real	Says Ohio has 77 job training programs spread across 13 state agencies.
fake	The Dog Meat Festival in Yulin, China, threatens global public health.
real	John McCain "took on the drug industry."
fake	We know this now. The banks no longer loan (Donald Trump) money because hes a terrible risk. So he goes to these (Russian) oligarchs and borrows money.
fake	Says Charlie Bass supports Paul Ryan plan that forces seniors to pay $6,400 a year more for health care so millionaires can pay less in taxes.
real	The poverty level in the Dallas school district is one of the highest in the country, higher than New York, Chicago, Los Angeles, Houston, Detroit and Newark.
real	Wisconsin has one of the most progressive tax codes in the country.
real	In general, it appears Wisconsins right to work bill would likely apply to the Green Bay Packers players and their union.
real	In South Florida, weve had nine inches of sea-level rise since the 1920s.
real	The federal government owns about half of the West, yet it continues to acquire more land.
real	FDR was called a socialist and a communist.
real	Says Patrick Murphy has taken more money from Wall Street than any other member of Congress other than the speaker and the majority leader.
fake	When we took office, let me remind you, there was virtually no international pressure on Iran.
real	Says he fought Obama at the Supreme Court and won.
real	Says Donald Trump has bankrupted his companies not once, not twice but four times.
fake	Says its not possible for some Wisconsin residents to watch Packers games, theyre forced to watch Viking games, so he got a law passed to fix the problem.
real	Oil money from federal leases can only be used to clean up the mess and damages from drilling.
fake	Tampa got more (federal housing) money because they scored higher on the blight scoring system, so theyve got a much bigger problem than we do.
fake	Allen West called Social Security a Ponzi scheme and said this countrys got to get on sound footing by destroying it.
real	Donald Trump rooted for the housing crisis, because he knew he could make money off of it.
fake	More Tennesseans have hunting and fishing licenses than vote.
fake	SaysHillary Clinton wants to abolish the Second Amendment.
real	Fifteen years ago, the assets of the six largest banks in this country totaled 17 percent of GDP ... The assets of the six largest banks in the United States today total 63 percent of GDP.
fake	Donald Trump would engage in a risky scheme to privatize Social Security.
real	A loophole still exists which allows members of Congress and high-powered executive branch appointees to exploit 'insider' knowledge of the financial industry in order to turn personal profit.
fake	Before Act 10, the total cost of public sector employees employment was 29 percent higher than that in the private sector. After the act, its still 22 percent higher.
fake	(U.S. Reps.) Paul Ryan, Sean Duffy and Reid Ribble are shutting down town hall meetings, or making their constituents pay to attend them.
fake	The only two (Donald Trump tax returns) we have show that he hasnt paid a penny in taxes.
fake	Says Jeb Bush once held $1 million in family planning grants hostage until the programs receiving the money agreed not to discuss birth control at all.
fake	State government spending will be increase 10.7 percent this year.
fake	Says Bruce Starr broke the law by letting lobbyists wine and dine him in Maui.
fake	Donald Trumps education plan to dramatically slash funding for public education would fire 49,000 Texas teachers.
fake	Supported in-state tuition in Arkansas for illegal immigrants "if you'd sat in our schools from the time you're 5 or 6 years old and you had become an A-plus student," among other things.
fake	If President Obama signs the Copenhagen climate change treaty, he "will sign your freedom, your democracy, and your prosperity away forever and neither you nor any subsequent government you may elect would have any power whatsoever to take it back again."
fake	Kay Bailey Hutchison was elected state treasurer, succeeding Ann Richards. Democrats then abolished the position ... Hutchison later became a U.S. senator.
fake	A hidden provision in Obamacare taxes sporting goods as medical devices.
real	I have a very conservative voting record.
real	Says he invested over $100 million in worker training.
fake	One of the other inaccuracies ...is that we have raised taxes multiple times and run up the budget. Absolutely not true. One tax increase since Ive been in office. It was a quarter mill tax in the unincorporated area only.
fake	Everywhere that we have more citizens carrying guns, crime is less. Theres a study showing that where states have open carry or concealed carry, but particularly open carry, the crime is down 25 percent.
real	Tennessees appeals court judges were selected by a handful of party officials in Nashville before the system of merit selection was put into effect.
real	Out of 150,000 tenured teachers in the last 10 years, only 17 have been dismissed for incompetence.
fake	Obama, Biden and their liberal allies oppose clean coal.
fake	Says he first unveiled his new legislative agenda in Wisconsin, not in California as critics complain
real	A small majority of Americans dont think they like the Affordable Care Act, but a large majority of Americans dont want to do away with the protections that are in the Affordable Care Act.
fake	(Mary) Burke was a senior member of the Doyle administration that left Wisconsin with 130,000 fewer jobs.
real	Says Chris Christie vetoed Planned Parenthood funding five times over the course of his governorship.
real	The federal tax code has loopholes that are giving incentives for companies that are shipping jobs overseas.
real	Americans work way more than an average of industrialized countries around the world.
real	Nearly all of the top 50 prescribers of oxycodone in the United States are in Florida.
fake	A Paul Ryan-Scott Walker (or Scott Walker-Paul Ryan) ticket for the White House in 2016 would be unconstitutional because both men live in Wisconsin.
fake	Under Obamacare, Virginia taxpayers would have been forced to pay for abortions if the General Assembly had not recently intervened.
real	Twenty-two million jobs were created during Clintons two terms but only 3 million during Bushs.
fake	Studies have shown that voter fraud is non-existent in Texas.
real	Faculty salaries at UW System institutions have now fallen more than 18 percent below the national average.
fake	One person has been fired at the Veterans Administration for withholding services.
fake	Sixty-one percent of our bridges are in trouble.
fake	The priorities of more than three-quarters of Americans are to increase the minimum wage, create a path to citizenship for illegal immigrants, and require background checks for gun buyers.
real	Administrative employees at colleges and universitieshave more than doubled over the last 25 years, outpacing the growth of students by more than 2 to 1.
real	Nearly 46 million Americans don't have health insurance coverage today.
fake	Says she created the first felony deferred prosecution program for nonviolent first-offenders in Texas.
fake	If you are driving on average in America this summer, you'll save according to Department of Energy figures about $70.
real	Says of Donald Trump, He even said, on his very first day in office, he would require every school in America to let people carry guns into our classrooms.
fake	Says Maggie Hassan is the only female governor in the country.
fake	Personal income is growing faster in Tennessee on average than any other state in the country.
real	For the first time in history, Wisconsin has more government jobs than manufacturing jobs.
fake	The U.S. Supreme Court struck down Wisconsins photo ID election law
real	More than half of all black children live in single-parent households, a number that has doubled doubled since we were children.
fake	The Chilean privatization scheme that Sharron Angle supports has resulted in hidden fees, fewer benefits, and millions of people with no coverage.
real	Says the Texas unemployment rate has even grown more than the nations as a whole.
real	President Barack Obama reduced the cost of prescription drugs for nearly 3.6 million Americans in 2011.
real	The new 21st State Senate district was created in secret for Van Wanggaard. It was drawn within half a block of his house.
fake	Right now, Im polling at about 8 percent against Barack Obama and Mitt Romney.
fake	The Great Recession emerged in large part because of tax policies that slashed taxes on the wealthy, failed to invest in the middle class, took their eyes off of Wall Street, and created a perfect storm.
fake	Says as a result of the national health care reform, the Congressional Budget Office says we save $250 million over the first 10 years. Over the next 10 years, we save $1.2 trillion in savings in terms of health care.
fake	Says Rob Portman even voted to allow people on the terrorism watch list to buy guns.
fake	We dont get a lot of calls from this White House I have, frankly, never had a call from them.
fake	Clinton aides admit it (a gas tax holiday) won't do much for you but would help her politically.
fake	Planned Parenthood is nothing more than a referral service. They dont do anything except profit from killing babies and then selling body parts of those aborted babies.
real	What the Arizona law does is make a state crime out of something that already is... a federal crime.
real	If you tried to pay out $1 trillion by handing it out at $1 per second, it would take more than 31,000 years.
fake	The Northwest Corridor highway project in Cobb and Cherokee counties is expected to create over 9,700 jobs statewide.
real	We are almost halfway to our goal of 1,000 rapes prosecuted!
real	When this campaign began, I said that weve got to end the starvation minimum wage of $7.25, raise it to $15. Secretary Clinton said lets raise it to $12.
real	In the first round of repayments from financial institutions that received TARP money, the government has actually turned a profit.
real	Says Chris Christie created this new category where you could get laid off and just be totally denied unemployment benefits forever.
fake	Says only about 2 percent of gunsales in Virginia are not subject to background checks.
fake	Says the California flag was supposed to be apear, not a bear.
fake	Obama Makes Huge Move to BAN Social Security Recipients From Owning Guns
real	Says using E-Verify is a fair amount of cost, about $20 per person that does not match.
fake	We get 30 percent of our oil from the Gulf (of Mexico).
real	Ted Cruz has been to Iowa four times. Rio Grande Valley of Texas -- just once.
fake	Says Mitt Romney would deny gay people the right to adopt children.
real	Says personal-injury trial lawyers have provided over 80 percent of the funding for the Texas Democratic Party for over a decade.
real	Eleven years ago, the city of Detroit lifted the residency requirement for police officers and today, 53 percent of officers live outside of the city. If we want the tax base of Milwaukee to resemble the tax base of Detroit, this is the way to go.
real	Governor Carcieri has not been campaigning with me.
real	The richest 80 people in the world own more wealth than the bottom half of the global population.
fake	The 2011-13 state budget cuts overall funding for public schools by $1.6 billion
fake	UPS left 15,000 employees spouses without health insurance and told them to, go on an exchange with no employer subsidy.
fake	Obama said that "since 1992, the Republicans have had all the good ideas..."
real	Kasim Reed has kept every promise he made as a candidate.
fake	In Wisconsin, teachers make $89,000 in salary and benefits, compared to $48,000 for all other workers in the United States.
fake	Royalties foroil and other energy sources are the "second-largest revenue source to the federal government after the IRS."
fake	[U]nlike every other major transit system in the nation, MARTA has never received any significant, dedicated funding from the state of Georgia.
fake	Kids coming from an affluent background are taking advantage of all these student loan programs and grants while many middle-class families with no connection to college are picking up the tab.
real	For every $10,000 invested in business incubators, up to nearly 70 local jobs are generated.
real	Since I was elected, crime rates have been at their lowest in over a decade.
fake	The Republican-authored state budget includes a provision forcing people earning as little as $12,000 to buy private health insurance that could cost them as much as $4,000 per year.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton viciously attacked women abused by Bill Clinton.
real	Says Madison Mayor Paul Soglins stated intent when proposing that city contractors disclose private political donations was to discourage contributions to organizations with which he disagrees.
fake	Inside the stimulus package is anti-Christian legislation that will stop churches from using public schools for meeting on Sundays, as well as Boy Scouts and student Bible study groups.
real	Says veterans disability claims backlog doubled in Obamas first term.
fake	Under a new law, doctors performing drug-induced abortions could be charged if women dont return to them for follow-up care
real	Ill be the only economist in the (U.S.) House.
real	Says Hillary Clinton and millennials have the same positions on climate change, abortion rights, immigration reform, gay rights and college affordability. Donald Trump doesnt.
fake	Lloyd Doggett made millions off companies like Bank of America while they took taxpayer bailout money.
real	Its expressly prohibited by law that you can read and wholly surveil domestic email traffic in the United States.
fake	Not even expensive bottled water, like Perrier and Evian, are of good enough quality to pump out of mines in Southwest Virginia, according to the EPA regulation.
fake	If an Iranian woman shows too much hair in public, she risks being beaten or killed.
real	Says he couldnt keep a 42-inch redfish he caught because of fishing rules.
fake	Under the new Arizona immigration law, police can't stop someone to check their immigration status unless they think they see something illegal.
fake	EPA officials have commended (Koch Industries) for our commitment to a cleaner environment and called us a model for other companies.
fake	Says the mandate is 71 times that a childs body will be injected with a disease for immunizations.
real	Collectively states are spending more on Medicaid than they do on K-12 education.
fake	Rick Scott has destroyed over 100,000 jobs.
real	The marijuana that kids are smoking today is not the same as the marijuana that Jeb Bush smoked 40 years ago.
fake	Congressman Joe Heck has (voted) 62% of the time with Nancy Pelosi and the Democrats on a variety of important issues.
real	Says that Republicans bragged about how every bill was going to be paid for, right from the beginning and that the first vote, the repeal of health care reform, violated that rule.
real	Says a 1915 referendum on womens right to vote went down in New Jersey. And it took the Legislature to pass it.
real	Republican House candidateMarilinda Garcia even opposes closing the loophole that allows dangerous criminals to get a gun without a background check.
fake	When you look at the nearly 150 men and women who have served us on the Texas Supreme Court, more than half of them had zero prior judicial experience.
real	Theres almost 1 million Texans who are unemployed and thats an all-time record number in our state.
fake	Says over 50 percent of U.S. job growth in June came from Wisconsin.
fake	Wisconsin state lawmakers worked seven days in 2012 but got paid for a whole year.
real	An audit shows there are 6.5 million people who have active Social Security numbers who are 112 years of age or older,
real	Over the past 35 years, Florida families have paid into the (National Flood Insurance Program) over $16 billion, four times more than the amount they have received in claim reimbursements.
fake	ObamaCare enrollment lie: Obama counts an enrollee as a web user putting a plan in their online shopping carts.
fake	I introduced a bill that wouldve helped stop the multimillion-dollar bonus packages that CEOs grab on their way out.. (McCain) opposed that idea.
real	Eighty-five percent of the states in the United States that had electrocution have now abolished it.
fake	The growth in health care costs has been reined in through the Affordable Care Act.
fake	Edwards says if Congress won't pass universal health care, he'll tell Congress: "I'm going to use my power as president to take your health care away from you."
fake	Says Congressman Bill Pascrell voted to remove the public option from the Affordable Health Care Act.
real	@Jorge_Elorza still think your plan is safe? Rescue Captain Kenyon just worked 96 hours straight. 96 hours.
fake	Schools in some states are spending up to 100 days a year doing test-prep or actual testing.
fake	Says Ohios Issue 2 will create a redistricting commission that will have a blank check to spend our money.
fake	Say easing restrictions on selling alcohol on Sundays will result in more traffic crashes and fatalities.
fake	Nine hundred people have been fired since I became secretary (of Veterans Affairs). Weve got 60 people that we fired who have manipulated wait times.
real	Clinton has "raised the most money from Washington lobbyists ... from the health industry, drug companies, health insurance companies (and) the defense industry."
fake	Local law enforcement . . . will have access to the [Obamacare] Data Hubs treasure trove of personal info.
real	Tennessee students now cover about 67 percent of the cost of their education at public universities, and some 60 percent at community colleges.
fake	Protesters in La Crosse blocked an exit and surrounded a State Patrol car carrying the governor and were beating on the windows and rocking the vehicle. When the car was extricated from the crowd, a truck blocked a second exit.
fake	About two-thirds of Medicaid beneficiaries are children, but they account for one-third of the programs cost, while one-third are elderly, and they account for two-thirds of the cost.
real	Ive done more impeachments than anybody else in the history of the country.
real	The people of Tiverton have historically supported [gambling measures] at a rate higher than the rest of the state.
real	Malawi has just 300 doctors for 16 million people.
real	Ohio has one of the highest provisional ballot rates in the country, and many of them go uncounted each election.
fake	The presence of gorillas calls into question the concept of evolution.
fake	If you look at the application for a security clearance, I have a clearance that even the president of the United States cannot obtain because of my background.
fake	Senator McCain would pay for part of his (health care) plan by making drastic cuts in Medicare $882-billion worth.
real	In total, we have added nearly 75,000 private sector jobs in New Jersey since we took office in January 2010.
fake	If the sequester hits, federal prosecutors will have to let criminals go.
real	Nearly 180,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records, ordered deported from our country, are tonight roaming free to threaten peaceful citizens.
real	Because of the health care law, by 2017, we will be funneling over $100 billion annually to private insurance companies.
fake	Eighty percent of the oil were discovering, were discovering in the deep Gulf of Mexico.
fake	The economic impact of Atlantas 2000 Super Bowl was $292 million.
fake	Of our 98,000 teachers who are K-12, over 53,000 of those teachers today are over 50 years old.
real	Trump proposed enacting the largest tax increase in American history.
real	Vietnamese is the third most commonly spoken language in Texas.
fake	The governor must inform the Senate president about his or her absence from the state.
fake	Eliminating the state tax on health savings accounts will make it easier for small business owners to provide health insurance to their employees.
fake	Except for Virginia, the other 49 states keep raising their gas tax.
real	Nearly half of all pregnancies in the U.S. are unintended.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton had an undercover nurse with her at the Sept. 11 memorial ceremony in New York.
real	Austin is number one in Texas in startups, venture capital and patents.
real	Says Newt Gingrich said Spanish is the language of the ghetto.
real	It is a greater crime to have an untagged alligator than to host an open house party (for kids).
fake	Every Republican Senate candidate has now announced whether or not they support the Senate taking up the Supreme Court vacancyexcept for Congressman Heck.
real	Says Mitt Romney refused to say whether hed sign the Lilly Ledbetter bill.
real	Obamacare was patterned after (Mitt Romneys) plan in Massachusetts.
real	Says states mandated tests come from an English company.
fake	Says Rick Perry flip-flopped on gay marriage by first saying it was a states rights issue and then saying he was in favor of a federal constitutional amendment banning gay marriage.
real	One generation ago we led the world in college graduation. Were 16th today.
fake	We have more hospitals that are childrens hospitals than any other state in the union. 
real	Young women today in metropolitan areaswho are childless and single are out-earning childless, single young males.
real	Says Bill and Hillary Clinton attended Donald Trumps last wedding.
fake	Says Al Franken voted to exempt himself and Congress from enrolling in (the Affordable Care Act marketplaces).
fake	The government is going to have the right to get into your bank account with the health care bill and make transfers without you knowing it.
real	Says some Wisconsin state employee contracts gave some employees $4 for bringing in their own lunch.
real	Energy nominee Steven Chu has called coal "his worst nightmare."
real	Ted Cruz is mathematically out of winning the race.
fake	Says Chris Koster fell silentas attorney general in pursuing a case against a free classified service accused of promoting prostitution after accepting over $12,000 in campaign contributions from people affiliated with the service.
fake	Says murder is the chief cause of death for pregnant women.
real	Rhode Island has a very generous unemployment compensation rate compared to most other states.
real	Northern Virginia is the most heavily trafficked place in the country.
real	Art Robinson says Social Security should be ended through attrition.
real	John McCain stood up to the president and sounded the alarm on global warming ... five years ago.
real	Says Obama opposes offshore drilling and a gas tax holiday.
fake	Medicare premium support backed by Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan is not vouchers.
fake	The majority actually want single-payer health care.
fake	The centerpiece of Senator McCain's education policy is to increase the voucher program in D.C. by 2,000 slots.
fake	SaysPeter Kilmartin voted in favor of expanding the good behavior statute to sex offenders.
fake	Says Barack Obama said black males are two times more likely to be shot by a law enforcement officer than white males and that is a lie because there is no data.
fake	Under President (George W.) Bush, prosecution of gun crimes was 30 percent higher than it is under President Obama.
fake	A data-storing microchip "would be implanted in the majority of people who opt to become covered by the public health care option."
real	Says when New Jersey adopted guaranteed coverage and cost provisions without a mandate individual health insurance market rates doubled or tripled and enrollment dropped from 180,000 people to 80,000 people.
fake	Says Adam Hasner said he will never accept a pay increase, but he voted to raise his pay four times.
fake	Every person on death row was a foster kid.
fake	Ted Strickland destroyed Ohio jobs when he busted the budget.
fake	I didn't campaign on a public option.
fake	Says Judge JoAnne Kloppenburg agreed to use a technicality to give a convicted sex offender a new hearing because he didnt understand the charge.
fake	3,000 teachers lost their jobs when (Crist) was governor.
fake	The stimulus has not created one private sector job.
real	Last year -- actually, this year in May -- we saw New Jersey Transit fares rise anywhere from 25 percent to 47 percent.
fake	An amazing 5,400 jobs were lost in the first 12 months of the (smoking) bans implementation in Ohios hospitality industry alone.
real	In Massachusetts, Scott Browns Republican affiliation is not a secret, but clearly not on display.
real	Says TriMets own analysis shows that YouthPass does not actually add to the transit agencys costs.
real	On immigration reform
fake	Attempts to find things like, crime, criminal activity, indictment, have been filtered out by Google in favor of Hillary Clinton.
fake	In Rick Perry's Texas, the governor threatens to leave, to secede from the greatest country in the world.
real	A poll found that 20% of young adults use (smartphones) during sex.
fake	John McCain refuses to support a new bipartisan energy bill "because it would take away tax breaks from oil companies like Exxon Mobil."
real	Says she is 6th in hard dollars raised and has more cash on hand than Governors (John) Kasich and (Chris) Christie combined.
fake	Under Gov. Romneys definition ... Donald Trump is a small business.
fake	Says U.N. arms treaty will mandate a new international gun registry.
real	Romneycare was model for Obamacare.
fake	Our recent state budgets have far exceeded population and inflation growth.
real	60 percent of Texas 8th graders are not proficient in math. Only 26% have a teacher with a undergraduate major in math.
real	In the last 6 years, there have been 420 elections for State Senator and State Representative. Only three incumbents have been defeated!
fake	Says Bruce Braley took tens of thousands from his friends in the health insurance industry and gave them special favors by voting for Obamacare.
real	The failings in our civil service are encouraged by a system that makes it very difficult to fire someone even for gross misconduct.
real	Eighty percent of all U.S. communities depend solely on trucks to deliver and supply the products sold in stores or ordered online.
real	Since 1990, in inflation-adjusted dollars, per-student funding of the (Florida) state university system from general revenue has dropped by about $4,000.
real	Senator Obama has, in fact, never had a serious Republican challenger.
real	Two-thirds of Wisconsin corporations dont pay state income taxes.
real	Attorney General McCollum, Speaker-Designate Cannon, Senate President-Designate Haridopolos and I stood up to Governor Crist and worked to remove Jim Greer as Chairman because of his mismanagement of the party.
fake	Says Tom Nelson backed higher taxes on Social Security, costing Wisconsin seniors $95 million.
fake	13,000 Floridians are able to vote -- but their governor wont tell them.
real	Rick Scott's former health care company, Columbia/HCA, committed "fraud."
real	The U.S. has 5 percent of the worlds population, 25 percent of the worlds known prison population.
real	In Harrisburg, I passed more bills than all the Democrats combined, in terms of legislation affecting the city.
fake	In Virginias Medicaid program, approximately 30 percent, or $2.7 billion a year, is lost to waste, fraud and inefficiencies.
real	Massachusetts has less than 1 percent of our kids that are uninsured. You (Gov. Perry) have a million kids uninsured in Texas.
real	Sixty million Americans depend on Social Security, and one-third of all the seniors in America depend on Social Security for 90 percent of their income.
real	Hes the only candidate whos balanced budgets and brought jobs to Providence.
real	Weve got 40 years of study now that show that, with a good preschool start, youre less likely to be on public dole, youre less likely to be in prison.
real	(McCain) was opposed to ethanol. Now he's for it.
real	The Senate health care bill does not contain limits on medical malpractice lawsuits.
real	HIV/AIDS is dramatically on the rise in the U.S. South.
fake	I said no to higher taxes and fees.
real	The NRA supported background checks...
fake	Unfortunately everyone needs to cut back in these tough economic times. Thats why I voted to cut my own pay along with the pay of our state employees.
real	Our economy actually shrank during the last three months of 2012.
real	Milwaukee is the most segregated city in America.
real	Eight out of the nine states with competitive Senate races, Hispanics make up less than 10 percent of the electorate.
real	American Hustleshows the FBI making real-life bribes to Washington politicians. I know, because as your U.S. senator, I turned them down.
fake	The Florida House is "holding the FINAL public hearing" of a controversial education bill in the middle of spring break..."when they hope (teachers) are not watching or listening."
fake	The only people in this town that have voted to cut Medicare spending are the people who voted in favor of Obamacare. Thats a fact.
fake	You cant read a speech by George Washington . . . without hearing him reference God, the Almighty.
real	If you look at Latino kids between 17 and 20 who graduated high school, 36 percent of them are unemployed or underemployed. African-American kids are unemployed or underemployed to the tune of 51 percent.
real	Gov. Bob McDonnellsbudget plantakesmoney out of our classrooms to pave roads.
real	It would be illegal for the Fulton County Commission to raise the county tax rate.
fake	In 1916, the U.S. government predicted that by the 1940s all paper would come from hemp and that no more trees would need to be cut down.
real	America is No. 1one in oil and gas.
real	The United States of America, right now, has the strongest, most durable economy in the world.
fake	Romneycare has killed 18,000 Massachusetts jobs.
fake	The Civil War wasnt about slavery.
real	In Virginia, Medicaid has grown by 1,600 percent in the last 30 years.
real	On opposition to earmarks
real	[Appalachian Power] wants another 10 percent rate increase. The compensation package for CEO Mike Morris rose 22 percent to $8.7 million in 2010.
fake	Says Bill Nelson voted to raise our taxes 150 times.
fake	A public option for health care would end private insurance because the private insurance people will not be able to compete with a government option.
fake	Gov. Kitzhaber oversaw creation of the Oregon driver card law behind closed doors without allowing any input from citizens who represent the public interest.
fake	Says New Jerseys tenure law has now been reformed to say that if teachers get two years of partially effective or ineffective ratings they lose tenure.
real	Assaults on Wisconsin law enforcement officers are up 224 percent statewide since 2005
fake	There have been 30 published polls in this election cycle and Harry Reids been trailing in every single one.
real	Odd fact for odd draft: No. 2 overall pick will earn more than the No. 1 pick due to no state tax in Florida. So 2 not so bad.
fake	More than 3,000 homicides were committed by illegal aliens over the past six years.
fake	Under David Dewhursts leadership, the Texas Senate passed an expansion of in-state tuition and free health care to illegal immigrants.
real	The average 401(k) in America of a person whos 60 years old is under $100,000.
real	Says Hillary Clinton is the one that labeled African-American youth as superpredators.
fake	Mitt Romney ... gave you government health care that is now bankrupting the state of Massachusetts.
real	Under President Obama, domestic oil production is at an eight-year high.
real	For African-Americans between the ages of 17 and 20, the real unemployment rate is 51 percent.
fake	In Japan, permanent residency is not given to Muslims, the propagation of Islam is banned, one cannot import a Koran published in the Arabic language, and Muslims cannot even rent a house.
real	Fireworks have never been safer, and their use continues to increase each year.
real	No Democratic campaign for (Fla.) governor has ever had these kinds of resources this early on in an election cycle.
real	In Wisconsin, a second arrest for carrying pot is a felony, but a second or subsequent arrest for carrying a gun illegally is a misdemeanor.
real	Says Glenn Grothman pushed through state tax credits that when phased in, someone that owns a factory that produces millions in income will pay less tax than their nephew would if he worked full time at Taco Bell for minimum wage.
real	Manufacturing wages today in America on a per-hour basis are actually a bit lower than average wages in the economy as a whole.
real	Issue 2 makes it illegal for us to negotiate for enough firefighters to do the job.
real	There are 49 different federal job training programs that report to eight agencies.
real	Most state employees did not receive any pay raise from 2009 to 2012.
real	A 50-50 public-private split for paying for a new Milwaukee Bucks arena would be much better -- in terms of the portion of the public financing -- than most of the other arena projects done around the country.
fake	Says there were over 600 reports of Texas votes for Donald Trump in the states 2016 Republican primary virtually all getting tallied for Marco Rubio.
fake	Says Travis County Commissioner Gerald Daugherty claims to have taken a pay cut, but for 2016, he voted to raise his salary by 19.6 percent.
real	Says she condemned violence at a campaign stop in Arizona in March.
fake	Says the hospital listed on Barack Obamas just-publicized long-form birth certificate denies the president was born there.
real	We know that every 85 visitors create one Florida job.
fake	Natalyn Archibong skipped (Atlanta) City Council meetings or was late 90% of the time. Then she voted herself a pay raise.
real	Charlie Crist "bizarrely vetoed" $9.7 million for a teaching hospital at the University of Florida "despite having previously argued the budget request had merit."
real	In Richmond, Va., theres more moving vans coming in than going out.
real	46 percent of women between the age of 16 to 24 despise sexual contact in Japan.
real	Rhode Island spends 52 percent more per capita on human service programs than the national average.
real	The tax on job creating businesses is 35 percent in the United States, second worst in the entire world.
real	Do you know that, statistically, when you take the SAT a second time, one third of the people that take the SAT, even if theyve been studying, will get a lower score than they did the first time around?
real	Says Florida refused to allow theinsurance commissioner to negotiate lower rates with companies or refuse rates that are too high under Obamacare.
fake	John McCain has "a consistent pattern of ducking important environmental votes."
real	The governor having a meeting ... isnt covered by the open meetings act.
fake	Republicans dont think its a good idea to make the child care tax credit stronger.
fake	[T]he Georgia Dome has returned $10 billion in economic impact to the state of Georgia.
fake	PolitiFact Texas says Congressman Edwards attacks on Bill Flores are false.
real	Newt Gingrich teamed with Nancy Pelosi and Al Gore on global warming.
fake	Students at the University of Texas in Austin have been advised not to wear cowboy boots or cowboy hats on Halloween.
real	If you printed a $1 bill for the entirety of the $14.1 trillion national debt, the resulting pile of money would weigh more than 136 aircraft carriers.
real	Last year, American oil production reached its highest level since 2003.
real	Says Texas has one state inspector for every 4,500 oil and gas wells.
real	The cost ofa gas tank fill-up has risen$30 sinceBarack Obama became president.
fake	Says Miami Congressman Carlos Curbelo supports drilling offshore and repeatedly voted against President Obamas ability to fight pollution and combat climate change.
fake	Says every day of a special session costs taxpayers $40,000.
fake	(Environmentalists) said Were only going to stop coal mining above 2,000 feet. ... Well guess where all the coal in the state of Tennessee is? Above 2,000 feet.
real	Says Patrick Murphy is one of only three Democrats in the House today who voted to create the Benghazi committee.
fake	Obamacare will question your sex life.
real	Says Donald Trump spent the least amount of money of any of the competitive primary contenders that he beat so badly.
fake	Even the employees union for the IRS -- the very people in charge of enforcing this law -- are begging to be let out from under this law.
real	Obama has maintained a friendship with a now convicted felon.
fake	Americas gun-related homicide rate would be about the same as Belgiums if you left out California, Illinois, D.C. and New Jersey, places with some of the strictest gun control laws in the U.S.
fake	The state government workforce grew when Tim Kaine was governor.
real	Says Lloyd Doggett voted for the health care, stimulus and cap-and-trade bills.
fake	A national organization says Georgia has one of Americas toughest ethics laws.
fake	The Texas leg of the Keystone pipeline has already created 4,800 jobs in just the year its been up and running.
real	Weve had the private sector more than double the investment that was made by the public sector at Quonset Business Park.
fake	John McCain "is one of the few senators of either party who oppose this bill (to expand education aid for veterans) because he thinks it's too generous."
real	Says Ron Johnson opposes entirely a federal minimum wage, except perhaps for guest workers.
fake	Common Core means there are over 300 data elements the government is going to be collecting about your children and about you.
fake	The United States can immediately tap a domestic energy resource of more than 1.5 trillion barrels of oil, six times more than Saudi Arabia.
real	Says the media distortedwhat happened with a baby at his rally.
real	The average student loan debt in Texas is over $22,000...the cost of an average size pickup truck. But unlike car owners, students are not allowed to refinance their loans at lower rates.
real	Last week the Blue Chip Economic Indicators came out that surveys lots of private forecasters. Almost all of them are predicting a turnaround in the third quarter and positive growth in the fourth quarter.
fake	Says Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine is hypocritical for challenging the constitutionality of the new health care law.
fake	Fundamental changes made to the language describing the Wisconsin Idea in the University of Wisconsin Systems mission statement were the result of a drafting error.
real	Says while state leaders have cut funding for our schools and other basic priorities, the amount of money the state is projected to give away through tax breaks increased by a whopping $3.4 billion.
fake	Says the majority of candidates in Texas 25th Congressional District live outside the district.
real	Over 3 million Americans are employed in the growing green-collar workforce, which is more than the number of people working in the fossil fuel industry.
fake	The pass rate for a high school level test to join the military is 35 to 40 percent.
real	Says Mitt Romney is wrong to claim that spending under Obama has accelerated at a pace without precedent in recent history, because its actually risen slower than at any time in nearly 60 years.
real	Says Donald Trump was forced to file for bankruptcy not once, not twice, four times.
real	The typical Wisconsin worker makes $5,000 less each year than our neighbors in Minnesota under Gov. Scott Walkers policies.
real	Doctors, nurses, hospitals, even the pharmaceutical industry, (and) AARP say that health reform makes sense to do.
fake	None of the polls being conducted right now have us on the top line. None of them. Its always Trump and Clinton and then second question, third question. ... If we were included in the top line, as Johnson/Trump/Clinton, wed be at 20 percent.
fake	A telecom bill could keep the State Corporation Commission from getting rate-of-return information from electric utilities.
fake	Ronald Reagan faced an even worse recession than the current one.
fake	Congress is a very special group of people. More than 80 percent of them never left the United States.
fake	Says Gerald Daugherty advocated lowering the penalty for crimes like strangulation in domestic violence cases because they just throw more people into the jail system.
fake	Mexican government officials hand out brochures showing individuals how they can avoid our Border Patrol, how they can get into our country.
fake	Honduras bans citizens from owning guns and has the highest homicide rate in the entire world. Switzerland, with a similar population, requires citizens to own guns and has the lowest homicide rate in the entire world.
real	Says 97 percent of food stamp benefits are paid in the proper amounts to people who are really eligible.
real	Says food stamp growth, while high, lagged the rise in unemployment.
fake	The stimulus bill includes "$300,000 for a sculpture garden in Miami."
real	Says Marco Rubio wrote and passed bipartisan legislation allowing the VA to fire negligent workers.
fake	The Milwaukee County bus system has among the highest fares in the nation.
fake	President Obamashealth care law is a government takeover of healthcare.
fake	In the 2012 election, there were more votes cast than registered voters in St. Lucie County, and Palm Beach County had 141 percent turnout.
fake	Despite keeping distance from national media interviewers, I did local press all along, the last three months.
real	Police officers in this state have that right, to check the immigration status of people they arrest.
fake	Four state Assembly Democrats scored a death blow to northeast Wisconsins economy by killing hundreds of jobs at a potential Bass Pro Shops near Green Bay.
real	A telephone company will no longer have to provide landline service to customers if there is an alternative provider, including wireless.
real	Says the Obama administration approved a major disaster declaration for Oklahoma in 2009, when nine of the states 77 counties burned for about three days, while Texas wildfires have been burning for longer without such a declaration.
real	Says it wasnt until he and a Senate colleague were able to wrangle the actual streaming video from BP that scientists were able to calculate the oil spill flow.
fake	Taxpayers subsidize 80 percent of each MARTA trip
fake	Says after Hillary Clinton helped a man accused of raping a 12-year-old, shes seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped.
fake	The Trump Winery near Charlottesville, Va. is the largest winery on the East Coast.
real	In the last 10 years we've only had 7,000 barrels of oil spilled in the Gulf ... not counting hurricanes. This well is spewing that amount every day and a half.
real	In Chicago, school is never canceled because of winter weather.
real	Says the 3C Corridor train would have taken an hour and 15 minutes longer to carry passengers across Ohio than it would have taken on a New York Central train in 1935.
fake	On average, each U.S. military working dog saves the lives of between 150 and 200 servicemen and women over the span of his career.
real	Over half of the black workers in this country earn less than $15 an hour.
real	Says the city of Portland has one manager for every six front-line workers.
fake	President Barack Obama suggested on national TV that the Democratic health care bill will have government decide that a healthy, 100-year-old woman in need of a pacemaker should take a pain pill instead.
fake	Fifty percent of our students who enter higher education need to take remedial courses because they are not prepared for college-level work.
real	Supreme Court 15 times over the last 120 years has said marriage is a fundamental right and never said it had to be between a man and a woman.
fake	Bicycle ownership drops by half while obesity in Rhode Island rises by 154 percent
fake	Labor union president Andy Stern is the most frequent visitor at the White House.
fake	President Obamas lawsuit claims it is unconstitutional for Ohio to allow servicemen and women extended early voting privileges during the states early voting period.
real	Rhode Island is at the top of the country for alcohol-related fatalities.
real	We have over 300,000,000 weapons, firearms in this country. Thats almost as big as the population.
real	Forty-five states allow open carry of firearms.
fake	Sheldon Whitehouse and 18 other senators voted to censor the internet.
real	Says Texas ranks 44th nationally in education funding per pupil.
real	Says the inspector general for the IRS said there was no political motivation and no outside influence for targeting of tax-exempt applications from tea party groups
fake	Test scores had gone up steadily for 40 years until No Child Left Behind and Race to the Top.
real	Says Tim Pawlenty said in 2006, The era of small government is over... the government has to be more proactive and more aggressive.
real	Says enrolling a student in a subsidized lunch program triggers an at risk designation, resulting in an extra $6,000 to $7,000 of state school aid per student.
real	According to 2009 estimates, an agreement with Panama could result in almost 1,900 Florida jobs in thefirst year and about 15,000 jobs afterfive years.
fake	The federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act bill would create special protection for pedophiles.
real	Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson led the fight to let polluters release unlimited amounts of carbon pollution and took nearly $225,000 from polluters.
real	More than half of the people on food stamps today are children.
real	Says more Austinites voted in the citys 1973 election featuring a mayors race than in the citys most recent mayoral election.
real	The states overall revenues only returned this year to 2007 levels.
fake	In September, the Department of Business and Consumer Services enacted a sudden 39% workers compensation premium assessment by rule with little notice to the public.
fake	There is no statistical evidence that bail bonds increase the likelihood of those awaiting trial returning to court for their scheduled hearings.
real	Our last budget committed the highest level of need-based financial aid in state history.
fake	Health insurance companies are making record profits, right now.
fake	Says Chris Abele has had five years and hes done nothing about the Estabrook Dam.
fake	Says Ohio Rep. Marcy Kaptur actually lives in a fancy condo in the Washington, D.C. suburbs.
fake	I'm probably one of the four or five best-known Americans in the world.
fake	Say George Washington said that when government takes away citizens right to bear arms it becomes citizens duty to take away governments right to govern.
fake	More people in this country have seen UFOs than I think approve of George Bush's presidency.
real	Virginia spends less per student today than we did in 2008.
real	The annual gross domestic product of metro Atlanta is bigger than 28 states in the union.
fake	Says Donald Trump supports an agenda out there to privatize the Veterans Affairshealth care system.
real	Women fill two-thirds of minimum wage jobs.
real	In 1960, most black children were raised in two-parent, monogamous families. Today we have only 20 percent of black children being raised in two-parent, monogamous families...
real	Says that as a gubernatorial candidate, Chris Christie promised no school cuts.
fake	The government will go out and buy my breast pump for my babies.
real	Says Oregonians for Food and Shelter proudly features board members from Monsanto and Syngenta and the (Oregon) Farm Bureau also receives funding from biotech companies.
fake	Homicides against blacks have tripled since Floridas stand your ground law has been in existence.
real	We could save all the oil that they're talking about getting off drilling, if everybody was just inflating their tires and getting regular tune-ups.
real	Says he sued Obamas EPA seven times.
real	Up to 45 percent of illegal immigrants are not people that physically crossed the southern border or northern border. They are visa overstayers.
real	Says $15-an-hourproposal in Cleveland is the most aggressive minimum wage increase in the country.
real	New Jerseys governor cut $1.6 billion from public education while handing out $2.1 billion in corporate tax breaks, more than the entire previous decade.
real	Says Lake Erie contains more native fish than all the other Great Lakes combined.
real	Says Williamson County Attorney Jana Duty has never prosecuted a single adult felony case.
real	The IRS doesnt have to prove something against you ... youve got the burden of proof.
fake	Ann Kuster turned a blind eye to those in need of funding by voting against funding for our nations veterans, low-income women and children, the FDA and the National Institutes of Health.
real	The UK has an unarmed police force and a firearm fatality rate that is 40 times lower per capita than in the U.S.
real	The legislature was never given the opportunity to debate or vote on loaning $75 million to 38 Studios.
fake	Says he raised average family income by 50 percent during his tenure as Arkansas governor.
fake	It is Hillary Clintons agenda to release the violent criminals from jail. She wants them all released.
real	Says A baby in Coos County is two times as likely to be born to a mother who is someone who used tobacco during her pregnancy as is the average baby born in Oregon or the U.S.
real	Says Travis County Sheriff Greg Hamilton has accepted $42,000 from strip-club interests and $10,000 from local alcohol distributors.
real	Dan Webster would force victims of rape and incest to bear their attackers child.
real	Says state Senate recall challenger Sandy Pasch voted to cut school aid by nearly $300 million.
fake	92 percent of the jobs lost during Barack Obamas first term belonged to women.
fake	The people of Rhode Island dont want same-sex marriage.
real	The religious liberty bill proposed in the Georgia House of Representatives does not specifically exclude corporations, which means they can legally claim a religious exemption.
real	Says Donald Trump wants to get rid of the federal minimum wage.
fake	Says if we do nothing and continue to let Obamacare siphon off that $700 billion dollars off the top of it, Medicare goes away in less than 10 years -- certain accounts of it -- and it just falls apart at the seams.
fake	Rubio's tax swap proposal "would have been a massive tax increase."
fake	Sen. Jeff Merkley voted six times for more debt.
fake	We have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.
real	The Senate health care bill "would leave 24 million people without insurance coverage."
fake	Phoenix, Arizona, Im told, is now the No. 2 kidnapping capital in the world, right behind Mexico City.
real	If you have a job in this country, (theres a) 97 percent chance that youre not going to be in poverty.
real	Says Gov. Rick Scott returned $1 million in federal funding that would have helped the state cover the cost of overseeing insurance rates under the new health care law.
fake	Says government is a barrier to innovation and development.
real	Alabamas Crimson Tide will be the underdog in Saturdays game against the Georgia Bulldogs, the first time in 72 consecutive games that Alabama has not been favored by oddsmakers to win.
real	Taxes on groceries and medicine will rise under a plan to improve roads and rail for metro Atlanta.
fake	The Wisconsin Retirement System for public employees is a self-funded pension plan and its the money of the workers that funds it.
real	Forty-three million Americans are on food stamps.
real	American oil production is at its highest level since 2003.
fake	Health care reform legislation is likely to mandate free sex change surgeries.
real	Half of all CEOs say that the shutdown and the threat of shutdown set back their plans to hire over the next six months.
real	Obama has more czars than the Romanovs.
real	Says there have been well over 54 million abortions since 1973.
real	Putting three Republicans in my Cabinet...is unprecedented.
fake	A simple review of the Backrooms health code records will reveal that the restaurant already has a long-standing problem with rodent infestations.
fake	Obama "refused to not only put his hand on his heart during the Pledge of Allegiance, but refused to say the pledge."
fake	Says state Senate candidate Aaron Bean voted to give health care subsidies to illegal immigrants.
fake	I am the only person in this field who is against amnesty. Every other person in this field wants to allow people who are here illegally to be able to stay here, in one form or another.
real	The water quality in the ocean is perfect. Its been tested up and down every ocean shore in New Jersey.
real	Florida has the most concealed weapon permits in the nation, nearly double that of the second state, which is Texas.
real	Says he and Mitt Romney agreed on tying minimum wage increases to inflation.
fake	When President, then candidate, Obama was asked to disclose some of his donors because there was suspicion of their being the foreign source of money into his campaign, they refused to do it.
fake	Social Security has not contributed to the debt and the deficits.
real	Since 2009, the Ohio Republican Party has made more contacts with voters nearly 6.6 million than any other GOP state organization in the nation.
real	Says Donald Trump used undocumented labor to build the Trump Tower.
real	Thirty-four percent of Hispanics don't have any health care at all, don't have any health insurance.
fake	Pam Bondi refuses to take a position on the gay-adoption ban.
real	As Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney used a line-item veto to cut millions of dollars for firefighting equipment, including firefighters coats, pants, helmets and boots.
fake	Says the Annies List political group supports third-trimester abortions on demand.
fake	Wisconsins lawsuit rules are so anti-business that the states system is one of the most promiscuous in America.
real	Says Mitt Romney told university students in Ohio that to start a business, they should borrow money if you have to from your parents.
fake	Says Romney supported a law that could have made most common forms of birth control illegal.
real	We have created new jobs here in Cranston -- more than 1,000.
real	Only half of the murders in the city of St. Louis get solved.
real	Says the New York Giants train in New Jersey, they play in New Jersey and most of their players live in New Jersey.
fake	Says Gov. Rick Scott allowed Republican legislators to cut his teacher pay raise proposal by 60 percent.
fake	Says Rob Portman voted for the bipartisan bill to affirm climate change is real, humans significantly contribute to it and it needs to be addressed.
fake	Attorney general candidate Brad Schimel is in cahoots with Wisconsin Right to Life to make abortion a crime in Wisconsin.
real	People have actually broken down the transcripts for oral arguments and (Antonin Scalia) told more jokes and got more laughs than any of the other justices.
real	Georgia has recovered more than $60 million that was lost to Medicaid fraud
real	Says he paid one dollar for a sweater at Kohls.
fake	Medical-grade marijuana alonewill not get that patient high, no matter what level of THC, CBD or any other compound is found in the plant.
fake	Says Sen. John McCain spent the July 4 weekend in Islamabad, Pakistan, selling F-16s and advanced weapons to the folks who harbored Osama bin Laden.
fake	Because of the new health care law, 17 million kids can no longer be denied for a pre-existing condition.
fake	A lot of people who go into prison straight, and when they come out theyre gay.
real	The president won the youth vote 3 to1, but his numbers have dropped 20, 30 percent among the youth.
real	The average faculty member at UW-Madison brings in close to a quarter million dollars a year in grant money.
fake	Were going to be looking at $8 billion a day that were going to be pouring into foreign countries in order to import that make-up fuel that were going to need to take the place of what we could have gotten out of the gulf.
real	Says he predicts the weather better than Punxsutawney Phil.
real	Says Donald Trump wants to keep big government in charge of federally-owned land.
real	Cap and trade legislation was originally a Republican idea.
fake	Members of Congress specifically exempted themselves from many of the laws they have passed, such as being exempt from any fear of prosecution for sexual harassment ... (and) from the healthcare reform.
fake	In the 1970s, the swine flu broke out . . . under another Democrat, President Jimmy Carter.
fake	Eighty-five percent . . . of Rhode Island tax returns that were filed for the year 2010 . . . were from individuals who earned $30,000 or less.
real	There currently are 825,000 student stations sitting empty across Florida in every district and at every grade level.
real	The Orange County, Florida, school board voted to make it impossible for a student to receive a grade below 50.
real	The top25 hedge fund managers (are) making more than all of Americas kindergarten teachers combined.
fake	Earlier this year, [John DePetro] was accused of sexually assaulting a female co-worker.
real	Says there are half as many students in one Georgia technical college than there were two years ago.
real	Says Newt Gingrichs contract was with the lobbyists at Freddie Mac.
fake	A bill to advance the Keystone XL Pipeline is an earmark under House rules.
real	Says Austin Mayor Lee Leffingwell voted for a toll lane on MoPac.
real	In 2008, only 54 percent of Latinos in Texas were registered to vote and only 35 percent actually turned out.
real	Obama put a 10 percent tax on tanning.
fake	92 percent of President Barack Obamas administration has never worked outside government.
fake	The Democratic health care plan is a "government takeover of our health programs."
real	American homeownership rate in Q2 2016 was 62.9% - lowest rate in 51yrs.
real	Says Chris Abele, opponent in Milwaukee County executive race, failed to finish 3 separate colleges, dropping out all 3 times.
real	David Cicilline was the state representative who opposed tough mandatory sentences for those convicted of domestic violence and child abuse.
fake	10 cents on thedollar from the Clinton Foundation goes to charitable causes.
fake	Says Sen. JeanneShaheens wealth has surged while in public office.
fake	Says there were multiple instances of voter fraud in Wood County, Ohio.
fake	Says gun ownership information could be recorded and collected by the federal government and insurance companies as part of the federal health care law.
real	Says theres no language in the U.S. Constitution that prevents someone from running for Congress simultaneously in multiple states.
real	States have cumulatively cut over $1.8 billion from their mental health services between 2009 and 2011. This is the largest reduction in state mental health services in half a century.
fake	Neighbors of the San Bernardino shooters knew that they were talking about trying to take our country and attack it.
fake	Louisiana gets "not one single penny" from Gulf Coast offshore oil revenues.
fake	Under Lt. Gov. Lee Fisher, Ohio is 44th in the country in terms of getting money actually into worker retraining.
real	Right now, here in Texas, wind power is already cheaper than dirty fossil fuels.
real	Says About 7 in 10 of Oregons inmates are in prison for violent crimes and serious sex offenses.
real	The president of the United States came in the Tuesday before the election in a ward that went 99% for him in the last election and they couldnt even (increase) the vote there.
real	Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin ranks as the most liberal member of the House.
real	With the tax controls we already put in place, property taxes on a typical home in December of 2014 will actually be lower than they were in December of 2010.
fake	Says Texas economy is about 30 percent larger than Australias.
fake	In states where beer is unregulated, the per capita production is significantly higher.
real	Says Hillary Clinton was completely exonerated, when I was in the White House by an officialinquiryon Whitewater.
real	This year, the overwhelming majority of new jobs are part time.
fake	A small business receiving a federal tax credit "to provide health care for its employees ... would be barred under the Stupak Amendment from allowing their employees to use ... the health care that they offer them for abortion."
real	Wisconsin pays criminal defense lawyers who represent the indigent $40 per hour, the lowest in the country.
fake	Nearly 60% of all occupants of HUD properties in U.S. are illegals.
fake	Wisconsin is the only state that allows parents or guardians to purchase alcohol for their children regardless of whether that child is seven or 20 years old at bars and restaurants.
fake	Phil Puckett voted no on sending the EPA a message that theyve gone too far not once, but twice.
fake	Gov. Nathan Deal has taken at least $15,600 from the (Koch brothers), their businesses, and their employees.
real	During the Reagan era, while productivity increased, "wages for working people remained frozen."
real	Says his proposed payroll tax cut will mean an extra $1,500 in your pocket compared to if we do nothing.
real	In Rhode Island there are 150 different pension plans for public workers.
real	We have the fourth highest in-state tuition for public universities in the country.
fake	Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers actions are directly responsible for killing at least 15,000 jobs.
real	One out of 10 minimum-wage workers in the U.S. live in Texas.
real	In the Illinois Legislature, Barack Obama "voted 'present,' instead of yes or no" on seven votes involving abortion rights.
real	Barack Obama voted against born alive legislation in Illinois that was virtually identical to the federal law.
fake	The Navy is bringing charges against a Navy officer who shot at the Chattanooga shooter for illegally discharging a firearm on federal property.
fake	A $250 fine if youre caught with a plastic bag coming out of a store. Plastic bag police anyone?
real	Preventive care does not save the government money.
real	Says Texas state funds were spent on a TV series on spouses cheating on their wives, kind of glorifying the act of cheating.
real	Theyre paying a less rate of tax -- these richest people in America -- than they have in the last 80 years.
real	Irans regime is responsible for more than 1,000 American casualties during the Iraq war and has plotted a terrorist attack here in our nations capital.
fake	Evidence shows Zika virus turns fetus brains to liquid.
fake	Florida is investing record amounts of funding for HIV/AIDS prevention.
real	Says the Republican state convention is actually larger than the Republican National Convention.
fake	Milwaukee County taxpayers paid $370,000 to settle a lawsuit over a decision by Sheriff David A. Clarke Jr. to use untrained corrections officers rather than deputies to patrol the lakefront.
fake	We continue to see these isolated incidents of people trying to vote five, six times a day.
real	Wind powers nearly 13 million homes across the country.
real	Two days of interest we pay to China is enough to buy one joint strike fighter [jet].
fake	Says a new national poll shows the majority of the American people believe we should have a gold standard for U.S. currency.
real	As Florida's CFO, I shut down Krakow's scam and refunded more than $1.2 million to Josephine and other victims of this con man.
real	Says Texas is last in workers compensation coverage.
real	On oil drilling off Floridas coast
fake	The Obama administration ... would impose on every Catholic institution, every Jewish institution, every Protestant institution the Obamacare standard of what you have to buy as insurance.
real	In 1998, nearly half of Floridas fourth-graders were functionally illiterate. Today, 72% of them can read.
real	Oregon today has 100,000 more jobs than it did when I was elected.
real	The Providence Economic Development Partnership . . .which you [Cicilline] chaired, loaned $103,000 in taxpayer funds to one of your campaign workers. The worker never paid back the loan.
real	By the end of Governor Rick Perry's term, he will have drained Texas taxpayers ... of more than $360,000 to pay for the rental mansion he has been living in while the historic Governor's Mansion is repaired.
fake	The Obama Administration is suing a Wisconsin company for forcing employees to speak English.
fake	Says John Kitzhaber wants a sales tax so people without jobs pay taxes.
real	We had a three-hour debate, no discussion about the national debt, very little about the economy.
real	Half the kids coming out of college this year cant find a job, or a job thats consistent with a college degree.
fake	The Constitution simply does not authorize the federal government to own any of this land (in the Western states).
real	The Obama administration has put out more of these major rules than the Clinton administration or the Bush administration during comparable times.
fake	I remember one of [Curt Schillings] teammates said he painted his sock, the bloody sock.
real	We arent the only state cutting back on public television.
fake	Women (are) paid 77 cents on the dollar for doing the same work as men.
fake	Scott Fisher tried to expand Obamacare in Texas and even voted for an official resolution to force 1 million Texans into Obamacare.
real	Says Mitt Romney suggested that employers should be able to make the decision as to whether or not a woman gets contraception through her insurance coverage.
real	U.S. Senate candidate Michelle Nunn earned as much as $300,000 running a nonprofit that had laid off 90 workers.
fake	Says Gov. Jim Doyle and the DNR have not put hunters first and mismanaged the deer herd; as a result the deer population has dwindled.
fake	Says Jacky Rosen has refused to tell us whether she supports Bernie Sanders or Hillary Clinton.
real	RIPTA has really some of the fullest buses for its transit agency size around the country.
real	At nearly 19 million people, the population of Florida is larger than all the earlier primary and caucus states combined.
real	Says Mitt Romney had millions in a Swiss bank account.
fake	Sheldon Whitehouse voted for a $525-billion tax increase on the middle class.
fake	The Denver Post has actually hired an editor to promote pot.
real	Says the last non-partisan commission to improve the voting experience in America concluded that #VoterID was necessary.
fake	Says state Senate President Stephen Sweeney gave us the nations highest income tax rates, driving out jobs.
fake	Tells David Cicilline, 94 percent of the carbon emissions which you so want to get rid of are caused by nature.
real	Says Rep. Steve Stockman basically wants gun-filled zones in schools.
real	Says Rick Scott cut education by $1.3 billion in his first year, then in his second year he decreases funding by $300 million to our state universities.
real	Lizbeth Benacquistos supporters would make (abortion) illegal in all cases, including rape, incest, even to save a womans life.
fake	Every 28 hours an unarmed black person is shot by a cop.
real	Bill Richardson passed the first law in the nation giving National Guard soldiers $400,000 in life insurance.
fake	Massachusetts public schools teach kids as young as kindergartners about gay marriage.
fake	President Barack Obamas latest executive order mandates the apprehension and detention of Americans who merely show signs of respiratory illness.
real	During the recession, the consumer in his native perversity has begun to save. The savings rate is now 6.2 percent.
real	White people control almost 90 percent of the nations wealth.
fake	Says Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser has prejudged matters that are likely to come before the court.
fake	The health care law includes a 3.8% sales tax on all real estate transactions.
fake	Roy Barnes voted against a bill in the state Senate that would have made it easier to convict child abusers.
real	Newt Gingrich has been a proponent of selecting a president by popular vote instead of the Electoral College.
fake	New carbon regulations will increase electric bills by $17 billion every year and potentially put an average of 224,000 more people out of work every year.
real	My campaign finished the last quarter reporting the most cash on hand of any Republican in the field $13.8 million in the bank, $3.5 million more than the Jeb Bush campaign.
fake	I didn't say it doesn't really matter whether Gore or Bush is president.
fake	Both McCain and Bush favor tax breaks for oil companies.
real	Six justices on the U.S. Supreme Court have been confirmed in presidential election years since 1912.
fake	Every signer of the Declaration of Independence had no federal elected office experience.
fake	Says President Abraham Lincoln enforced the Fugitive Slave Act until the Civil War ended.
fake	Barack Hussein Obama will ... force local authorities to allow Occupy protesters to live in parks.
real	Oregon has never before tried to create a land-use plan for what it should look like for 50 years.
fake	Says the federal government mandates transexuals (sic) and homosexuals grabbing children in their stranger-danger zones in the name of airport security.
real	I don't think that Rudy or Fred or John McCain support the marriage amendment.
real	The Rhode Island Parole Board never received an objection from the attorney general to the parole of convicted murder Alfred Brissette.
real	The musical Mamma Mia! has "been selling out for years."
fake	A [bank] surveillance camera capturing a criminals face and other identifiable traits would certainly discourage robbery attempts and serve as a deterrent to robbers.
fake	Barack Obamas Columbia University ID says he was a foreign student and went by Barry Soetoro.
real	Says fewer than 30 percent of Texas college students graduate in four years and only 58 percent graduate within six years.
real	Not a single banker, a CEO from Wall Street, anyone from corporate America nobody, (there was) not one arrest of any of these people who brought down the economy in 2008.
real	The Milwaukee County executive can sell the public museum, the airport and the zoo -- all on his own, without County Board approval
real	There are 4.7 percent of Virginians who are minimum wage earners who are over 25 years of age working full-time and trying to raise a family.
real	Vagina. Because apparently, saying that word in the Michigan State House of Representatives can get you a two-day ban from speaking on the floor.
fake	Since Rep. John Boccieris election, Ohio has lost 600,000 jobs and his districts unemployment has doubled.
real	Swaziland has the highest rate of HIV infection in the world.
real	In 2007, the top 1 percent of all income earners in the United States made 23.5 percent of all income, which is more than the entire bottom 50 percent.
real	Many state and federal agencies have such navigators involved in helping folks maneuver through the often complex processes associated with filing benefits claims, for example -- even buying health insurance.
fake	Russ Feingold got a memo in 2009 that outlined veteran harm at a Wisconsin VA facility and nothing was done.
fake	One in four inmates is an illegal immigrant.
real	Parents and teachers are already worrying about what they call the Trump Effect. They report that bullying and harassment are on the rise in our schools, especially targeting students of color, Muslimsand immigrants.
fake	Its entirely possible that the Democratic nominee, [Hillary Clinton], earned more money giving a single speech on Wall Street than I made the six years that I was there back in the 1980s In fact, its quite likely.
fake	Says Donald Trump said the government is going to pay for everybody to have health care.
real	With the exception of baby formula, the federal government does not require any food to carry an expiration date, and state laws vary widely.
real	Says if you try to hide marijuana in a hemp field, it becomes worthless. The THC goes away.
fake	Wisconsin is not as obese as the national average is. The national average, 35.7 percent of the population is obese. In Wisconsin, its closer to 26 percent.
real	Weare picking up oil with shovels and paper and plastic bags.
real	Speaker Gingrich for 20 years supported a federal individual mandate for health insurance.
real	In 2010 about 75 percent of child abuse and neglect reports in Oregon were made by those required to report by law.
real	Almost 400 arrests in the city last year for panhandling-related offenses involved just 78 suspects, an indication that the same people are panhandling over and over.
real	The top one-tenth of 1 percent of Americans own almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
real	Says Donald Trump once suggested that he would try to negotiate down the national debt.
real	Says Rick Scott thinks employers should be able to deny women coverage for birth control.
real	I am very proud, as governor of Florida, that we signed the first divestment act, as it relates to Iran, divesting any investments in companies that would invest in Iran.
real	Says Donald Trump himself contributed $100,000 to the Clinton Foundation.
real	Today, you have six financial institutions, the largest six, that have assets that are the equivalent of 60 percent of the GDP of the United States of America.
real	Says $800,000 cost of Texas special legislative session would pay for 1.6 million condoms, 90,000 months of the pill or 20 full-time sexual health educators.
fake	Sherrod Brown gave huge bonuses to executives.
fake	I supported the surge when you didn't.
fake	Over 214,000 doctors opt out of Obamacare exchanges.
real	90% of Americans want national background checks that close loopholes.
fake	What president has the worst record on female labor force participation? Barack Obama.
real	Every 1 percent increase in the number of Ohioans with bachelors degrees means economic activity growing the next year and for each year thereafter (by) $2.5 billion dollars.
fake	Amid the crisis at our southern border, there are reports of illegal migrants carrying deadly diseases such as Ebola virus.
fake	Say the ratio of CEO pay to average worker pay in the U.S. is 475 to 1.
fake	Toledo is fourth in the nation behind much bigger cities Miami, Las Vegas, Portland in number of human trafficking arrests and rescues.
fake	Bank of America could create 878,300 jobs with benefits if they spent their 2010 bonuses on job creation.
real	He's (Romney) the one who said that he would be to the left of Teddy Kennedy on gay rights.
fake	Says that he did not exactly say that communities have the right to ban mosques.
fake	Obamacare will provide insurance to all non-U.S. residents, even if they are here illegally.
real	The Confederate battle flag in South Carolina was first flown at the statehouse in 1961.It was flown as a symbol of massive resistance to racial desegregation.
real	Weve recovered (from the recession) faster and come farther than almost any other advanced country on Earth.
fake	Former Alaska Governor Sarah Palin was right that President Barack Obamas health care bill created what would, in effect, be death panels.
fake	As Governor: Romney did not keep public safety funding in line with inflation.
fake	State Department officials actually directed contracts for the Haitian recovery after the earthquake to friends of the Clintons.
real	The Social Security disability fund is going belly up in 2016.
real	(The farm bill) has aprovision that would in many ways reduce the deficit.
real	Of the 13 (Bill) Clinton speeches that fetched $500,000 or more, only two occurred during the years his wife was not secretary of state.
real	Says Hillary Clinton couldnt bring herself to say we need to separate commercial banking and speculative banking, namely reinstating Glass-Steagall.
fake	My opponent has no child care plan.
fake	Obamacare puts the federal government between you and your doctor.
fake	DNC chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz denied unemployment went up under Obama.
fake	Says President Barack Obama broke his promise to keep a Wisconsin GM plant from closing.
real	Obamacare will provide coverage for abortions, despite the presidents commitment that it would not.
real	Medicaid is close to 30 percent of the state budget and the biggest expenditure at the state.
fake	A proposed tax to fund transportation projects would spend $90,000 to take a single vehicle off the road during the morning and afternoon commute.
fake	Bioweapon! Zika virus is being spread by GMO mosquitos (sic)
real	In some states, it is still legal to deny a woman coverage because she's been the victim of domestic violence.
real	Says that in Ohio right now, you could be 8 months pregnant and have an abortion for no reason.
fake	SaysGov. John Kasich incorrectly claimed Ohios economy was 38th in the nation when he took office. We were sixth in the nation in terms of economic job growth.
fake	It is estimated that every $100 million spent on construction generates 3,000 new jobs.
real	Every year the First Coast Guard District saves 350 lives in the Northeast.
fake	Bill Nelson voted for a ban on millions of commonly owned firearms, which included many popular hunting and target rifles.
real	The average Georgia family makes $6,000 less than the average family did 10 years ago when inflation is factored in.
fake	A Medicaid provision added to the Senate health carereform bill "is not a special deal for Nebraska."
real	There are Justice Department policies against FBI Director James Comey discussing details of a federal investigation so close to an election.
fake	An Obamacare slush fund paid to spay and neuter dogs and cats, then counted it as an anti-obesity campaign.
real	Despite what Donald Trump claims, there werent 15,000 people who turned out in Phoenix to see Trump speak.
fake	Says EPA regulation of greenhouse gases will endanger 575 Texas dairy facilities, 58 swine operations, 1,300 corn farms and 28,000 beef cattle operations.
fake	Says the new health care law delivers a $13 billion tax increase on families with special needs.
real	The U.S. Department of Homeland Security warned that the SAVE database is not a foolproof means of verifying (citizenship on) the voter rolls.
real	Says some [states] with the largest reductions in crime have also lowered their prison population.
real	Medicare Part D was far more expensive than the Affordable Care Act and unlike the act, was never budgeted.
real	The Charleston, S.C., shootershould have never been given a gun, but the universal background check was not fast enough.
real	Ten years ago, John McCain offered a bill that said he would ban a candidate from paying registered lobbyists.
real	Says Austin trains are full at rush hour and packed for special events.
fake	Says President Barack Obama already passed all these Obamacare taxes. About a dozen of them hit middle-income taxpayers.
fake	Says that under Texas law, it takes six years to close a failing school.
fake	Since Scott Walker took office as governor in January 2011, there has been an increase of 33,200 jobs in Wisconsin.
fake	Says that after she declared her candidacy for Congress, the redistricting process was manipulated to allow incumbent politicians to guarantee their re-election.
fake	Two million federal workers negotiate zippo, zero. There is no collective bargaining for federal employees.
fake	Says Scott Walker tried to pass a law to allow pharmacists to block womens access to birth control.
fake	Rick Scotts prison plan would cut Floridas prison budget in half, close prisons, and release tens of thousands of prisoners early -- murderers, rapists, sex offenders, armed robbers, drug dealers.
fake	The war in Iraq was a major factor in blowing the top off the price of oil.
real	Only 20 colleges and universities have athletic departments with revenue exceeding expenses.
fake	The Obama administration leaked information, deliberately or otherwise, that led to the identification of the Pakistani doctor that helped us in achieving our goals and killing bin Laden.
real	Of minimum wage workers in Rhode Island only 14 percent serve as sole income earner for their family.
real	Says Chris Christie has refused to fund pensions by billions of dollars, and got legislative approval to begin properly funding pensions in 2018.
real	Florida is 49th in per capita spending on mental health care.
real	Today the Walton family of Walmart own more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of America.
fake	Mitch McConnell opposed "legislation to create and protect Kentucky jobs . . . help for the unemployed. . . health care for Kentucky's children," and "fair pay for women."
real	Arizona is spending less on a per-capita basis than every single state in this country in higher education.
fake	There are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the U.K., compared to 466 violent crimes per 100,000 in the United States.
real	The Republicans have 2 percent of the Muslim vote.
real	Theres at least 7,500 addicted gamblers in Rhode Island, at least, it could be as high as 22,000.
real	Medicaid is the primary source of health insurance for 41.7 percent of Hispanic children in Georgia.
fake	Thompson "voted against $250,000 caps on damages (and) almost anything that would make our legal system fairer."
fake	If the Trans-Pacific Partnership is fast-tracked through the Senate, it wont receive a committee assignment and the consideration will include no debate.
fake	We did not seek an impeachment of President Bush.
real	He told gay organizers in Massachusetts he would be a stronger advocate for special rights than even Ted Kennedy.
real	The R.I. Turnpike and Bridge Authority was supposed to exist only until the bonds used to build the Newport Bridge were paid off through tolls. Once the bonds were paid, the Newport Bridge was to be transferred to the State of Rhode Island and become toll-free.
fake	Republicans are trying to impeach our president.
real	Jasper County in Texas raised property taxes by 7 percent in order to pay for one death penalty case.
fake	Says many local governments in Wisconsin already require employees to pay 20 percent, 30 percent or even 40 percent of their health insurance premiums.
real	The region I represent, both currently and in the future, has more automotive plants than the entire state of California.
fake	Says President Barack Obamas homeland security budget had $16 million to fight climate change but didnt have a line item to fight violent extremism.
fake	Obamacare includes a $63 charge every American will begin paying (in 2013) as a way to cover some of the increased costs associated with providing health insurance to those with pre-existing conditions.
fake	Assault rifles already are banned.
real	Says a pack-a-day smoker who quits because of the tax increase will save about $1,650 a year.
fake	As a prosecutor, Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser did not investigate or file charges in a case involving 30-year pedophile priest, then participated in cover-up.
real	The House of Representatives has never passed a resolution of disapproval to condemn a member's behavior.
real	Says Barack Obama is the first president in modern history not to have a single year of 3 percent growth.
real	Says $1,100 of the tuition paid by every Oregon university student annually goes just to pay the costs of PERS.
real	Under legislation that has cleared the Georgia House, some children who are legal refugees could obtain state scholarships to attend private schools.
fake	John Kitzhaber is the only pro-choice candidate in the race for governor.
real	Before World War II, very few people actually had health insurance.
real	A bill to eliminate Delta Air Lines jet fuel tax breaks violates federal law and puts the state at risk of losing critical funding from the Federal Aviation Administration.
fake	Employers and schools have no right to conduct surveillance of a dorm room or a workers cubicle.
fake	Says Texas did not bail out a loan program he oversaw as state agriculture commissioner.
real	I have a D-minus voting record from the NRA.
fake	Says signers of recall petitions against Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker are at risk because of newly discovered provisions in state law.
fake	A bill backed by Sean Duffy and other House Republicans could actually require the Internal Revenue Service to conduct audits of rape victims who get an abortion.
fake	Some 20,000 Delphi salaried retirees lost up to 70 percent of their pensions as a result of political favoritism and backroom deals.
fake	Says the Defense Department shrink-wrapped $10.8 billion in American money, loaded it on 175 pallets and put it on a transport plane to Iraq where they passed out $100 bills and no one has any receipts.
real	If our recovery were more typical of the postwar era . . . we would have 14 million more jobs today.
fake	Says Panasonic stayed in New Jersey because of the Business Retention and Relocation Assistance Grant (BRRAG) program.
fake	Says Nancy Pelosi said, Waiting long hours in the emergency room will allow you to make new friends!
real	Under Republican Chris Christie, New Jersey had the highest increase in unemployment in the country last year. Nearly 1 in 10 jobless. The worst unemployment in the region. Near the bottom in economic growth, yet Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires but vetoed a minimum wage hike.
fake	Recently though, the media has reported on thousands of illegal voters here in the commonwealth.
fake	A majority of Wisconsinites opposed the government takeover of health care. But Russ Feingold voted for it anyway.
fake	Alex Sink was "the first official who said that BP should pay $25 million for an ad campaign to promote Florida tourism."
real	In the last six years of Ciancis administration violent crime was down in the United States. It was down in the region. It was down in Rhode Island. But it was up in Providence.
fake	If we had been on Obamacare and a bureaucrat was trying to tell me when I could get that CAT scan, that would have delayed my treatment.
real	Says With nearly 75 percent of Americans supportive of the construction of the pipeline, Schrader needs to explain to Oregon families why he voted against this needed project.
real	The Hispanic population in Gwinnett and Henry counties has increased by 153 percent and 339 percent, respectively, since 2000 while Republican presidential candidates are getting a smaller percentage of the vote in those counties.
fake	The Texas Constitution still contains Jim Crow provisions about the poll tax and restrictions on women having the right to vote.
fake	Says George Washington said a free people should be armed to guard against government tyranny.
fake	Obama "voted against critical resources: no to individual body armor, no to helicopters, no to ammunition, no to aircraft."
fake	Chemical weapons have been used probably 20 times since the Persian Gulf War.
real	I was speaking out on pension reform almost 17 years ago.
real	Says that to drive the length of the newly drawn 15th District youd find yourself on the road as long as it would take to drive from Columbus to Niagara Falls.
fake	Because of voter fraud, Republican candidates need to do a point or two better to win statewide elections in Wisconsin.
fake	Says President Barack Obamas recent New York fundraising trip cost between $25 million and $50 million.
real	Says U.S. Senate rival Eric Hovde refused to pay his property taxes until he was taken to court.
fake	Joe, I keep hearing you every morning talking about the biggest tax increase in history, but you don't mention it's also the biggest tax cut in history.'' health-care,taxes richard-durbin Senator Illinois democrat 0 2 1 0 1 a comment on the Morning Joe'' show on MSNBC.
real	In Oregon, women earn an average of 79 cents for every dollar that men earn for doing the same job. Thats just wrong.
real	Says Romney called Russia our No. 1 enemy.
fake	Says Donald Trump promised to take care of everybody (through government-run healthcare and) the governments going to pay for it.
real	More Hispanics have been elected statewide (in Texas) on the Republican ticket than on the Democratic ticket.
real	Says Tommy Thompsons tax plan amounts to an average tax cut of almost $87,000 for the top 1 percent.
fake	Says Rick Perry and the Republican-controlled Texas Legislature managed to slash the budget of the volunteer fire departments in our state by 75 percent in the last legislative session, reducing their abilities to fight recent wildfires.
real	Says a university survey concluded his Massachusetts administration had more women in senior leadership positions than any other state in America.
real	Says that the federal gas tax has not been raised since 1993.
fake	Public-employee unions spent $30 million in Wisconsin unsuccessfully trying to flip the state Senate to Democratic control.
real	Says Texas ranks last in the percentage of residents with high school diplomas.
fake	German citizens were disarmed by their government in the late 1930s, which allowed the Nazis to carry out their evil intentions with relatively little resistance.
real	Says that in three legislative sessions, his proposals opening pre-kindergarten to all Texas 4-year-olds never got heard or voted out of committee.
fake	The Milwaukee Bucks are actually younger than the Marquette team.
real	The vast majority of people in this country are keeping their (health insurance) plan.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton wants to let people just pour in. You could have 650 million people pour in and we do nothing about it. Think of it. Thats what could happen. You triple the size of our country in one week.
fake	The administration has issued rules for $1 abortions in ObamaCare and requires all persons enrolled in insurance plans that include elective abortion coverage to pay an abortion premium.
fake	Says Scott Walker said Labor unions dont deserve to have a national holiday due to their damage to the economy. And the holiday should be replaced by Patriots Day, celebrated every year on 9/11.
fake	Says she voted against the Medicare Part D prescription drug program because it was unfunded.
fake	Says that compared to direct sales by manufacturers, consumers save avg of $500 per car sold through franchised dealer model.
fake	Claims Joe Biden said coal is more dangerous than terrorists.
fake	The jobs bill includes President Obamas tax on soup kitchens
fake	English "is our national language...if it becomes official, that means in a place like New York City you can't print ballots in any other language."
fake	Says Measure 3-386 will cost a fortune for elections while Measure 3-388 will cost less.
fake	Says that Sen. Sherrod Brown is out there egging on a lot of these protesters who are spitting on policemen and going to the bathroom on policemens cars at these protests on Wall Street and other places.
real	All private healthcare plans must conform to government rules to participate in a Healthcare Exchange.
real	Unemployment for those with college educations is now 4.5 percent. Unemployment for those with more than a college education, below 4 percent.
fake	GOP presidential hopeful Herman Cain called Ron Pauls followers ignorant.
fake	Of course, there is large scale voter fraud happening on and before election day.
real	Says Rep. John Katko promised he wouldnt vote to defund Planned Parenthood and since hes been in office hes done that four times
fake	President Barack Obama has doubled the size of government since he took office.
fake	Says Tom Cottons vote in Congress to change Medicare will increase out-of-pocket expenses for every senior in Arkansas.
real	Says Rep. Jim Weidner proposed a bill taking away health care for 80,000 of Oregons children.
fake	When Republican extremists tried to take away abortion rights Blake Rocap stopped them.
real	Every president since Eisenhower has taken executive action to address immigration issues.
real	If Obama's economic plan creates 600,000 new government jobs, "that's about the size of the post office work force."
real	Says he represents or has represented about half the San Antonio-rooted district in which he seeks election.
fake	Only a few months ago the FBI arrested three Broward County Commissioners for accepting millions of dollars in trade for illegal favors.
real	Says Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nations top-performing local economy.
real	Says Milken Institute rated San Antonio as nations top-performing local economy.
real	An iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin could operate for 100 years and generate billion of dollars in economic activity.
real	Says Ron Paul doesnt believe in marriage licenses.
real	Republican candidate for governor Karen Handel has run a 100 percent negative campaign.
fake	Sixty-five percent of the Iraqi people now say it's okay to shoot an American soldier.
fake	A monthly police and fire protection fee on all Wisconsin phone bills does nothing to support police and fire.
real	Says Fulton County government hasnt raised its millage rate since 1991.
fake	Says the recall elections that aimed to remove him and other Republican officials from office cost tens of millions of dollars to run.
real	Over 80 percent of the people want the shot to vote on whether to approve same-sex marriage, according to polls.
fake	Under Gov. Scott Walker, employer confidence now stands at 95 percent, compared to only 10 percent at the end of the Gov. Jim Doyle-Mary Burke administration.
fake	Obama tells Russia that hell turn over Americas defense system to them if re-elected.
real	Assault weapons and handguns are allowed in the state Capitol while bullhorns, trumpets, helium balloons and flags on poles are banned.
real	Public education has been permanently cutby $1.6 billion through changes in the Standards of Quality funding formula.
fake	The truth was revealed there in that report that showed there was no unlawful or unethical activity on my part.
real	Says Marco Rubio said that people who essentially dont agree with him, ought to leave the country, like Keith Olbermann.
real	In Virginia, people are going and getting marriage licenses who are 12 and 13, and 14 and 15 years old.
fake	Was Martha Kanter dispatched to Corvallis with $17 million in stimulus money to save Craig Robinsons job?
real	Theres actually 600 abortions done after the 20th week of pregnancy every year in Ohio.
fake	When (Marcy) Kaptur fought for the Democrats prescription drug benefit for seniors, (Dennis) Kucinich voted no.
real	Says Milwaukee County Parks director Sue Black has not received a pay raise in five years.
real	Gov. Kasich and the Republican-dominated legislature have foregone the popular option of closing tax loopholes that amount to $7 billion annually in this state.
real	Georgia is on track for 1,200 traffic fatalities this year, a reversal of nine years of declines.
real	Says a Republican hasnt won [an election] for a presidency in New Jersey since 1988.
real	Says she is the subject of 60 books.
fake	Gov. McAuliffes budget would raid school, other $$ 4 Obamacare in VA.
real	Seventy percent of all Texans are overweight or obese.
fake	Says Donald Trump and Mike Pence want to gamble with your retirement benefits in the stock market.
real	On average, college students are taking six years to get a four-year degree.
fake	Public sentiment in favor of collective bargaining and in favor of the unions has actually gone up as these governors, I think, have overreached and gone too far and tried to destroy the labor movement.
real	The Chicago Bears have had more starting quarterbacks in the last 10 years than the total number of tenured (UW) faculty fired during the last two decades.
real	We borrow money from the Chinese to buy oil from the Saudis.
fake	The Georgia Regional Transportation Authority concluded that light rail in Cobb County would more than double commute time and would therefore be unsuccessful in alleviating traffic congestion.
fake	Warren Buffett says stop Obamacare now and start over.
fake	In three days last week, (Gov. Rick) Perry flew to five cities at taxpayers expense, holding press conferences, delivering $2,325,000 in checks.
real	Over the past 10 years, the number of people living in Lower Manhattan has nearly doubled. In fact, Lower Manhattan has added more people over the last 10 years than Atlanta, Dallas and Philadelphia combined.
fake	Says Sen. Luther Olsen, his recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors with no oversight.
fake	Says attorney general candidate Jon Richards went so far to say he would only enforce the laws with which he personally agreed.
fake	Says Newt Gingrich co-sponsored a bill with Nancy Pelosi that would have given $60 million a year to a U.N. program supporting Chinas brutal one-child policy.
fake	Says opponent Mary Burke told reporters she would have required workers to give up bargained-for healthcare and retirement benefits like Gov. Walker.
fake	It is a fact that it costs more to run the schools in August.
fake	I released the most extensive financial review of anybody in the history of politics. You dont learn much in a tax return.
fake	Says while serving in the city council, Rachel Zenzinger voted to use tax dollars to take a taxpayer-funded junket to China.
real	Says that under Rick Perrys plan, Texas has cut funding for public schools by 25%.
fake	Obamacare is the biggest job-killer in this country -- millions of Americans have lost their jobs, have been forced into part-time work.
fake	Says Donald Trump has given more money to Democratic candidates than Republican candidates.
real	Theres no scientific conclusion that (being gay) is genetic.
fake	$3 billion over the next five years will be taken out of our public schools and be put into vouchers.
fake	Already, the mayor of Green Bay is having ribbon-cutting after ribbon-cutting for economic development around the new VA center.
real	91 percent of Latinos support the DREAM Act, which allows undocumented youth to attend college, but Marco Rubio opposes it.
real	Says President Barack Obama revealed in his State of the Union address that he now is against earmarks.
fake	The Foundation for Government Accountability, which supported a Florida law requiring drug testing of welfare recipients, is a Koch brothers affiliated group.
fake	One-hundred times as many people worked their way from poverty into the American middle class during his presidency compared to Ronald Reagans presidency.
real	The economy added more jobs during four years under Obama than it did in the entire eight years under George W. Bush.
fake	Illegal immigration costs state taxpayers over $3 billion every year.
real	Californias credit rating is the worst in the country.
fake	Says state Sen. Steve Ogden was the driving force behind business income tax hurting small business, crafted the Robin Hood school finance scheme making property taxes skyrocket, wrote a budget that will result in a $14 billion deficit and voted against gun freedoms.
fake	Under the Hate Crimes bill, "any pastor, preacher, priest, rabbi or imam who gives a sermon out of their moral traditions about sexual practices could be found guilty of a federal crime."
real	After filing a lawsuit in Rhode Island, we reached an agreement with state agencies that resulted in more voters being registered in the first full month after our lawsuit than in the entire previous two-year reporting period.
real	By the way, Im not raising tolls 50 percent....Jon Corzine did.
real	60 percent of the jobs lost in the 2008 recession were living-wage jobs. Of the jobs weve gotten back, only 40 percent are living-wage.
fake	Health care mandate will require imprisonment and fines for Americans who cant afford to purchase insurance or pay hefty government penalties.
fake	Says President Barack Obama told a room of students, Children, every time I clap my hands together, a child in America dies from gun violence, and then a child told him he could solve the problem by not clapping any more.
fake	Says Rick Scott cut education by over a billion dollars, meaning thousands of teachers lost their jobs and class sizes went up.
fake	Prince William County has cut violent crime in half since instituting a crackdown on illegal immigration.
fake	Says Donald Trump bans disabled veterans from his high rise.
fake	Marco Rubio voted against funding health clinics that provide critical care during this public health emergency (Zika).
real	Federal officials declared that grant funds could be used only for Milwaukees streetcar project, meaning it isnt possible to redirect the money to other modes of public transportation or to our public schools.
fake	Says Oregon state employees received a catch-up pay raise in 1981 -- just two years after they agreed not to take a raise in exchange for a retirement benefit.
fake	The WIC program is an incredibly cost effective program, serving nearly 10 million Americans each year and costing less than $100 per person. In my district, more than 18 percent of residents suffer from food insecurity and depend on WIC to make ends meet.
real	Most of the newspapers that endorsed Alex Sink also endorsed Barack Obama.
real	NASCAR fans are twice as likely as non fans to serve in the military and 37 percent of active servicemembers and veterans are NASCAR fans.
real	The Republican Party has not won a presidential election without either a Bush or a Nixon on the ticket since 1928.
fake	In some of the states in the U.S., homosexuality remains a felony.
fake	Says he was exonerated in every single case in 1990s ethics violations charges.
fake	The last quarter, it was just announced, our gross domestic product was below zero. Who ever heard of this? Its never below zero.
fake	Says Hillary Clintons plan would tax many small businesses by almost 50 percent.
fake	The polls show over half of Americans identify themselves as being pro-life.
fake	I never considered myself a maverick.
fake	With Obamacare,You have no options ..you cant get competitive bidding.
real	In our community college system (state) cuts have reduced funding per student by $1,908.
real	We have an increase in murder within our cities, the biggest in 45 years.
real	The State of Texas does not even use the E-Verify system to determine if someone is legally in our country when they apply for a job.
real	I am the only senator who turned down the state pension plan for part-time legislators.
fake	Unions did not create the eight-hour work day and the 40-hour work week. Henry Ford did.
fake	Says CNN reported Ben Carson was taking a break from campaigning and the Cruz campaign forwarded that news to our volunteers.
fake	The governor has made a commitment to billions of dollars in debt and new spending without any explanation of how he plans to pay that money back.
real	[E]xcise tax increases drive commerce across state lines.
real	Says the Texas Board of Nursing has a backlog of 3,000 complaints against nurses, many of them sexual assaults, malfeasance.
fake	Senate health care legislation will "levy a new 'abortion premium' fee on Americans in the government-run plan."
real	Half of all adults have a pre-existing condition that could affecttheir health care coverage.
real	The top one-tenth of 1 percent now owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent.
fake	Jeanne Shaheen was principally involved in a plot with Lois Lerner and President Barack Obamas political appointee at the IRS to lead a program of harassment against conservative nonprofit groups during the 2012 election
real	Lake Erie supports nearly 10 percent of Ohios jobs and generates $750 million in state and local taxes.
real	We had a No Child Left Behind a similar piece of legislation in our state a number of years ago, well before the federal law. And it's had a big impact here. It's improved schools.
real	The State Election Board has issued nearly $275,000 in fines to violators of absentee ballot laws.
real	In New Orleans, nearly100 percent of our kids are in charter schools.
fake	Portland Schools spend $500K to deem PBJ sandwiches racist.
real	Says Russ Feingold broke his 1992 promise to always get the majority of funding from Wisconsin residents.
real	In nine Democratic debates, Weve not had one question about a womans right to make her own decisions about reproductive health care, not one question.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton was let off the hook for her email scandal while Gen. David Petraeus had his life destroyed for doing far, far less.
real	We send a billion dollars to foreign countries every day because of our addiction to foreign oil.
real	Georgias unemployment rate has exceeded the national rate for 50 consecutive months.
fake	The CBO now says the presidents health care law will cut the number of full-time jobs in the United States by 2.3 million by 2021.
real	Well, you know, the Teamsters wanted to drill in Alaska. I voted against drilling in Alaska. So it's not like I'm a slam dunk on every issue.
real	You had more women getting computer sciences degrees in the 80s by a factor of 2-plus than you do now.
real	Says Donald Trump is the first person running for president, Republican or Democrat, who refused to say that he would respect the results of this election.
real	Says Tennessee is providing millions of dollars to virtual school company for results at the bottom of the bottom.
real	Says Jeff Stone = Scott Walker.
fake	Says the Obama administration watered down sanctions against Iran, delayed them and tried to stop Congress from putting the tough sanctions in place.
real	Says in Oregon only 41 percent of adults have ever been tested for HIV.
fake	Says Matt Bevin has repeatedly failed to pay his taxes.
fake	Says President Barack Obama has put (up) a stop sign against oil drilling, against any kind of exploration offshore or in Alaska.
fake	Says the Clinton Foundation accepted millions and millions of dollars from governments like Algeria, Saudi Arabia, Oman and the United Arab Emirates, which violated a ban on all contributions to the Foundation from foreign nations.
real	We are in the sixth year of recovery, and median income is below what it was at the start of the recovery.
real	Most of the U.S. Senate is comprised of multimillionaires.
real	Money towards the Ebola vaccine is basically cut in half to what it was. More cuts are coming under the congressional sequester.
fake	Says President Barack Obama has taken less vacation days than any other president in a generation, while Congress has taken more vacation days than any other Congress in history.
fake	These 15 political appointees (on the IPAB) will make all the major health care decisions for over 300 million Americans.
real	The entire state of Florida led the nation last year with the most prison inmates committing tax fraud.
real	Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, would help lift over a million Americans out of poverty.
real	Says that 500,000 federal workers -- one-fourth of the federal workforce -- make more than $100,000 a year.
real	Says that as Wisconsin governor, we ended welfare.
real	Says his state budget will provide an increase in state funding for the 2011-12 school year.
fake	Says stimulus money went to buy electric cars from Finland as a payback to Obama supporters.
real	Says Scott Walker enacted the biggest cuts to education in our states history.
real	Says U.S. Rep. Steve Southerland voted to keep the shutdown going.
fake	The largest number of gamblers are from the poorest segments of the population.
real	Rick Scott's even saying he wants more offshore drilling.
fake	During his 18-year Senate career, (Russ Feingold) supported judges who voted to deny your individual Second Amendment right. (He) promises to protect those rights, but thats not what his record shows.
real	South Carolina has the fastest-growing economy in the Southeast.
real	Says, Less than half of all states have legal protections on the basis of sexual orientation or gender identity, despite the fact that LGBT Americans report employment discrimination and unemployment at much higher rates than the U.S. average.
fake	The Democrats propose a government-controlled health care plan that will deprive roughly 120 million Americans of their current health care coverage.
fake	The Republicans' alternative health care plan "will still let insurers raise premiums four times faster than wages."
real	Georgia still has one of the richest programs in terms of scholarships for students to go to college.
real	The judicial system is the most underfunded in this state, able to only pay 52 percent of its obligations. Meanwhile, judges get some of the richest pensions of all public employees.
fake	And, you know, our first president and our first commander in chief prayed every day. He had a field manual of prayers.
real	Says his release of 33 years of tax returns is more than any presidential candidate in history.
real	We are at a 40-year low in our crime rate in our state.
fake	Says the Tennessee Wildlife Resources Agency brought coyotes into the state to try to keep the deer population down.
fake	There are over 700,000 Americans on some watch list or another that would all be captured in a Democratic amendment intended to stop suspected terrorists from buying guns.
real	Says Barack Obama said when he was running for office four years ago that he would halve the annual deficit by the end of his first term. That simply has not happened.
real	Ed Gillespies 2006 book promoted an individual health care mandate, and recommends that it be enforced by the IRS through the income tax code.
fake	Says the EPA "outsourced the scientific basis for its greenhouse gas regulation to a scandal-plagued international organization that cannot be considered objective or trustworthy."
fake	As governor, Mitt Romney raised nursing home fees eight times.
real	Traditionally, presidential candidates release their tax returns . . . Mitt Romney still wont.
fake	Richmond teachers have not gotten a raise for almost 10 years.
fake	Says Donald Trump made a lot of money from outsourcing jobs thanks to NAFTA but never, ever raised his voice against it when Congress was considering it.
real	Hobby Lobby provided this (birth control) coverage before they decided to drop it to file suit.
fake	In Congress Tom Barrett voted to allow abortions through the ninth month, just moments before the baby is born.
fake	Four members of the Rhode Island General Assembly went to vote in 2010 and were told they had already voted.
fake	If we went back to the obesity rates that existed back in the 1980s, the Medicare system over several years could save as much as a trillion dollars.
real	Since the Affordable Care Act passed, 90 percent of job growth has been in full-time positions.
fake	Says Merrick Garland authored an opinion that resulted in the release of 17 Guantanamo Bay prisoners who were part of a group of violent Islamist extremists the State Department had designated as terrorists.
real	Says that except for foreign policy, Ron Pauls voting record and his voting record are virtually identical.
fake	President Obama pushed through the stimulus based on the promise of keeping unemployment under 8 percent.
real	Last year, Exxon pocketed nearly $4.7 million every hour.
fake	Says Sen. Robert Cowles, her recall opponent, supported the sale of state-owned power plants not to the highest bidder, but to the biggest donors with no oversight.
fake	The Bundy Ranch deal is all about Nevada Sen. Harry Reid using federal violence to take peoples land in his state so he can package it to re-sell it to the Chinese.
fake	Sarah Palin "has more experience than Barack Obama."
fake	Gov. Scott Walker and the Republican-controlled state legislature have added over $140 million in new special interest spending
real	ColoradoCare would have higher revenues than McDonalds.
fake	In the Senate version of the health reform bill, "Every enrollee in the Office of Personnel Management enrolled plan, every enrollee has to pay a minimum of $1 per month towards reproductive rights, which includes abortion."
real	The U.S. Constitution is the oldest written constitution still in use today among nations.
fake	Says Bruce Braley threatened to sue a neighbor over chickens that came onto (his) property.
fake	House Republicans "weren't part of the negotiations" on the Wall Street bailout plan.
real	There are actually half a million fewer government employees now than there were when (President Barack) Obama took office.
real	Says Congressmen Paul Ryan and Todd Akin co-sponsored legislation to limit federal funding for abortion to victims of forcible rape.
fake	Says in January 1992, George H. W. Bush probably had a 90 percent or even higher approval rating after the first Gulf War.
fake	Says Michigan U.S. Senate candidateTerri Lynn Land said guaranteeing equal pay for women who do the same job as men is not a good idea.
real	Whether the Amendment passes or not, the medical use of marijuana is a federal criminal offense.
real	State school funding per pupil is down 16 percent compared to 2009, after adjusting for inflation.
real	Says David Rivera received a $5,000 campaign contribution from Congressman Spencer Bachus, who is currently under House Ethics investigation for insider trading.
real	Only about a third of Texans who enroll in college graduate.
real	Chesterfield has eliminated more positions from its general government operations than the Commonwealth has from the entire state government since (fiscal) 2009.
real	Say that under state law, systems development charges can only be spent on capital investment.
fake	State employees will have to pay 100 percent of their pensions and health insurance after 2012.
fake	Donald Trump is appealing as much to Democrats as he is to Republicans.
fake	Says Charlie Crist and Missouri Rep. Todd Akin hold same abortion views. No exception except the life of the mother.
real	A 5 percent increase in domestic production would increase the world supply by less than 1 percent and do almost nothing to our dependence on foreign oil. This would also have virtually no effect on the price of gas at the pump.
fake	Under Randi Shade, Austin has had the highest cost of living of any large Texas city.
fake	The United States is not building the aircraft, the long-range bombers, the additional aircraft carriers, the nuclear submarines.
fake	We have a 40 to 50 percent dropout rate in our inner-city schools.
real	Online voter registration is a more secure way of doing voter registration.
fake	Georgia crackdown on illegal immigration costs state farmers $400 million last year.
fake	Subsidies for oil and gas companies make up 88 percent of all federal subsidies. Just cutting the oil and gas subsidies out would save the U.S. government $45 billion every year.
fake	We have more natural gas in this country than Saudi Arabia has oil.
fake	Says Tammy Baldwin supports a law in which government will take over your decisions on medicine, on doctors and on hospitals.
real	A Cornell University research study concludes that ethanol generates a 29 percent energy loss, meaning it takes more than a gallon of gasoline to produce a gallon of ethanol.
real	Macys sent a letter to Rick Perry urging him to veto equal pay bill.
fake	Says during George W. Bushs administration we were losing millions of jobs per month, while under Barack Obama we have three years of gaining hundreds of thousands of jobs per month.
real	Says Peyton Manning struggles in cold weather games.
fake	During eight years under Ronald Reagan, African-American median income rose by about $5,000.
fake	Candidate for governor Roy Barnes has been fighting hard to let illegal immigrants vote.
real	Slot machines in Miami-Dade and Broward counties have generated 20 percent of the promised $500 million per year for schools.
real	The 1908 Model T earned better gas mileage than a typical SUV sold in 2008.
fake	We had an amendment in the health care law that said the federal government is going to take over education.
real	The truth of the matter is that during my administration, the FBI's crime statistics show that violent crime was reduced in Massachusetts by 7 percent.
real	For at least a year now, I have called for two additional brigades, perhaps three.
real	Instead of fighting ISIS, (the Saudis) have focused more on a campaign to oust Iran-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen.
fake	Says President Barack Obama did not invite a Republican senator to dine at the White House until his fifth year in office.
fake	Health insurance companies deny 1 out of 5 treatments prescribed by doctors.
real	Says MarcoRubio voted to slash school funding by billions of dollars and would eliminate the Department of Education.
real	More than 1,000 people ... move to Texas every day.
real	Police in the United States are allowed to use tear gas even though it has been classified as a chemical weapon and banned in international conflict since 1993.
fake	Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Scott DesJarlaiss (TN-04) Republican Majority.
real	SaysBernie Sanders has reversed his position on immunity for gun manufacturers and sellers.
real	Says that under the Obama administration, the debt has nearly doubled.
fake	Birth control pioneer Margaret Sanger believed that people like me should be eliminated.
fake	We have the highest rate of childhood poverty of any major country on Earth.
real	Georgia has more than 700 law enforcement agencies, and fewer than 20 percent of them are state-certified.
fake	43,000 people are going to be kicked out of nursing homes or denied nursing home entrance if the Texas House version of the state budget passes into law.
fake	In the class of 1968 at Patrice Lumumba University in Moscow, Mahmoud Abbas was one of the members of that class, and so was Ali Khamenei. And thats where they first established relationships with the young Vladimir Putin.
real	On letting Occupy Atlanta protesters stay in Woodruff Park.
fake	This administration is slashing the Navy to pay for more Obamacare.
real	Congressional Budget Office says 8 (percent) unemployment till 2014!
fake	Weve broken by millions the all-time record for votes in a GOP presidential primary election.
real	There are many studies that indicate that the longer people get unemployment insurance, it provides some disincentive to work.
fake	Since ObamaCare and the stimulus passed, the unemployment rate in the U.S. has increased.
real	The American people will be appalled to learn the health care bill exempts (congressional) leadership and committee staff.
fake	One third of all federal prisoners today are illegal immigrants.
real	The hour of sleep you lose during the change to daylight saving time might initially pose some health risks.
fake	The American people will not support doing anything about people that are in this country illegally until the law is enforced first.
fake	On the status of illegal immigrants
real	Iran President Hassan Rouhani has more Cabinet members with Ph.D.s from American universities than members of Barack Obamas Cabinet.
fake	The Republican-controlled Wisconsin Senate approved a bill denying veterans the right to recover their medical costs for cancers they developed while serving their country.
fake	President Obama has worked to change Medicare for the worse by creating an unelected, unaccountable panel with the power to deny coverage of certain treatments.
fake	Very, very, very few people get a pat-down when they go through airport security.
fake	People can use food stamps for anything, including to go to Hawaii, and even millionaires can qualify.
real	In Wisconsin, a woman only earns 80 cents for every $1 a man earns.
fake	EPA wants to regulate the family BBQ.
fake	Tim Kaine urged$500 billion in Medicare cuts.
fake	If we pass immigration reform, it will make wages go up on average $250 for the average household.
real	Says Donald Trump promised to repeal Obamacare, build a wall, ban Muslims, and more.
fake	He's promising four more years of an administration that will push for the privatization of Social Security...
fake	Our children do not spend any time in school learning about our own U.S. Constitution.
real	Charlie Crist broke the quarter "record for fundraising in a U.S. Senate race in Florida."
fake	Creflo Dollar has endorsed Republican Donald Trump for president.
fake	Obama's wife wrote a paper in college that said America was a nation founded on "crime and hatred" and that whites in America are "ineradicably racist."
fake	Since President Barack Obama took office, you have 1,700 employees just at the Department of Transportation earning over $170,000.
real	The presidents party always gets shellacked in midterms. Its only twice, 1934 and 2002, that the presidents party actually gained in both the House and the Senate.
fake	Twelve judges have thrown out legal challenges to the health care law because they rejected the notion that the health care law was unconstitutional.
real	Since 2008, we have cut 5,000 positions from Virginia public schools.
fake	Terry McAuliffe wants to raise your taxes $1,700 to pay for his infinite promises.
real	Sarah Palin "already has more executive experience" than Barack Obama and Joe Biden "combined."
fake	War for the soul of the TxDems: 57% of Dem incumbents for Tx House LOST their primary.
fake	The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court is transparent.
fake	On the day the House voted on the climate change bill, there was not even a copy of the bill in the well of the House, which is standard. It wasnt even written.
real	These 60 acres (the Atlanta Braves want to build a stadium on) have produced zero SPLOST money for parks and recreation, have produced zero money for education.
fake	Obama "only wants your children to have health insurance."
real	The Obama administration has cut taxes on small businesses 17 times.
fake	President Obama's bill won't bring down the costs (of health care) for average Americans -- or really for very few Americans, if any.
fake	Says the success of his economic agenda is supported by the fact we went from unemployment at 9.2 percent when I decided to run for governor four years ago to two points lower.
real	Says Newt Gingrich aligned with Nancy Pelosi on global warming.
real	The Milwaukee Police Department has seized nearly as many firearms this year as the much larger New York City Police Department.
fake	Health reform will "give every American the same opportunity" to buy health insurance the way members of Congress do.
fake	On in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
real	Unemployment in the city of St. Petersburg is below the state average.
real	Americanschools are more segregated than they were in the 1960s.
fake	U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey gave the government the power to electronically spy on Americans without a warrant.
fake	Suicide comes from federal government largesse saying you are not worth anything but you are going to get something for nothing.
fake	Milwaukee has the second-highest number of children recovered from sex trafficking.
fake	House Republicans just passed a bill that makes it legal for single mothers to be fired by their employers.
real	Twelve percent of the garbage collected in those SOLV cleanups, by volume, is plastic bags.
fake	Says We do about 300 investigations a year into housing discrimination and in recent years have put about $150,000 of damages into the pockets of individuals who have been treated unfairly.
fake	On birthright citizenship for illegal immigrants.
real	Despite touting the economic stimulus as a great triumph, "The very same report, however, notes that unemployment will average 10 percent for the rest of the year."
real	Half of all NC legislative candidates are unopposed because of gerrymandering.
fake	The 2011 Rebuild America Jobs Act would have cost the average American family $1,000 a year while making no significant impact to fix our infrastructure and roads.
fake	Obama's Ten Point Plan to 'Change' the Second AmendmentBan use of firearms for home defense.
real	In Miami-Dade County, we spend at our school system over $20 million every year educating recent immigrants.
fake	The state constitution clearly says theres not to be a state income tax in Tennessee.
fake	Leticia Van de Putte voted to give illegal immigrants in this country free health care--not emergency health care but total free health care.
fake	The Republican leadership in the House has refused to address the issues that matter the most to Rhode Island, such as passing a jobs bill.
fake	There are literally teachers now who are getting pink slips because of sequestration.
fake	Says PolitiFact validated and independently documented its criminal history claims about Adan Ballesteros.
fake	In Florida, 300,000 people are going to lose their individual coverage because of Obamacare. Now those people next year, they dont have health insurance.
real	The gender gap in his support is not unique to me and theres not a huge gap from where Republicans have been in presidential, gubernatorial and US Senate elections in recent years.
fake	Says Rick Perrys Pay to Play politics led him to send $899 million to an offshore call center in Bermuda, driving down enrollment in childrens health insurance
fake	Congressional lawmakers earn their salaries FOR LIFE, which for House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi would add up to $803,700 Dollars a year for LIFE including FREE medical.
fake	Says that under President Obama, theres been a substantial increase in federal government jobs.
fake	Says a group estimates that the annual cost to Oregon taxpayers for government services to illegal aliens, after any income tax revenue from them, is $1 billion.
fake	The Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) has estimated that the Obama administrations Power Plan will cause energy costs in Texas to rise as much as 16 percent per year.
fake	Says when armed civilians stop mass shootings with guns, an average of 2.5 people die; otherwise, an average of 18 people die.
fake	There was serious voter fraud in California.
real	Based on the August 2012 national jobs numbers, for every person who got a job, nearly four people stopped looking for a job.
fake	Democratic Sens. Ed Markey, Al Franken and Jeanne Shaheen took Bribes From Iran They Back Insane NUKE Deal.
real	The state of Georgia has lost 200,000 total jobs and 50,000 construction jobs since May 2007.
fake	Ch Guevara wrote extensively about the superiority of white Europeans over people of African descent.
fake	Every illegal immigrant can be eligible for up to $36,000 to $38,000 in earned income tax credits without paying a dime in.
real	Tens of thousands of Atlanta households pay more than 30 percent of their income towards rent.
real	More than 70 percent of American adults have committed a crime that could lead to imprisonment.
real	The Kenosha casino would be one of the states largest employers and pay more to the state than any other company or Tribe essentially, it would be Wisconsins biggest taxpayer.
real	The health insurance plan that (members of Congress) have is no different than any other federal employees in the United States government.
real	There are 500 million Internet users and 80 million bloggers who are driving discussions in China. So youve got a lot of people voicing frustration and discontent.
real	Says Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told insurance companies they couldnt inform their policyholders of what they thought the impact of Obamacare would be on them.
real	Under Donald Trumps tax plan, 51 percent of single parents would see their taxes go up.
fake	The Atlanta streetcar is expected to create 930 jobs during construction, totaling more than 5,600 jobs over the next 20 years.
real	Switzerland and the Netherlands . . . cover all their citizens using private insurers, and they do so for much less cost.
fake	Under Ryan plan,those 54 and younger would receive the same kind of healthcare options now enjoyed by members of Congress.
real	Lizbeth Benacquisto broke election law 105 times, hiding special interest contributors.
fake	The president released all of the oil from the Strategic Oil Reserve.
fake	Doctors kill about 250,000 people a year in botched surgeries.
fake	Says the Internal Revenue Service estimated it must hire 16,500 agents at a cost of $10 billion to the taxpayer to enforce the federal health care overhaul.
fake	Says Kay Hagan supports waivers for friends of Obama and special treatment for Congress and their staffs.
fake	Palin had "executive experience" in the PTA.
real	Ohio companies export more goods and services globally than 41 other states.
real	Our community (Tampa Bay) is one of the 10 most threatened by the sea level rise in the world.
real	Sen. Harry Reid voted against declaring English our national language, twice.
fake	Margaret Sanger wanted a black Christian leader to be like a Judas goat and lead the blacks to genocide. Remember that? And they picked Martin Luther King as their spokesman.
fake	Says Bernie Sanders health care plan would empower Republicangovernors to take away Medicaid,to take away health insurance for low-income and middle-income working Americans.
fake	Says Barack Obama is a hypocrite for criticizing President George W. Bushs drone attack program, then using it aggressively as president.
fake	Back in the Great Recession, when millions of jobs across America hung in the balance, Donald Trump said rescuing the auto industry didnt really matter very much. He said, and I quote again, Let it go.
fake	The Mexican government forces many bad people into our country.
real	Hillary Clinton agrees with John McCain "by voting to give George Bush the benefit of the doubt on Iran."
real	He admits he still doesn't know how to use a computer, can't send an e-mail.
real	In a poll, 53 percent of young Republican voters . . . under age 35 said that they would describe a climate [change] denier as ignorant, out of touch or crazy.
real	More Texans have new jobs today than the entire population of Fort Worth.
fake	Drilling for oil on the Outer Continental Shelf and in parts of Alaska will immediately reduce our dangerous dependence on foreign oil.
fake	Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as tens of millions of dollars to build traffic lights in China.
real	Says Debbie Wasserman Schultz has voted for huge subsidies for the sugar industry ... as well as for delays in cleanups.
fake	Not one of the 17 GOP candidates has discussed how theyd address the rising cost of college.
real	Says Thom Tillis refuses to say what we should do to combat ISIS.
real	In 2012, there were nearly 12.2 million arrests and only 410 uses of deadly force by police in the United States.
fake	We are not producing jobs. We created 80,000 jobs last month. We dont talk about the jobs that we lost. The net of it all is that we lost jobs.
real	Virginia is the number one state per capita in screening out people with mental illness from gun purchases.
real	No poll done this year ... shows less than a majority to reinstate a federal ban on assault weapons.
fake	A study of private bail bond systems showed that Wisconsin has a higher no-show rate than other states of defendants skipping court appearances.
real	Says Donald Trump thinks that climate change is a hoax, invented by the Chinese.
real	Chris Christie helped funnel $6 million in federal Hurricane Sandy money to a senior center in Belleville, N.J., a place that suffered no damage.
fake	Says Obamaexempted Congress and their staff from the full effect of the (health care) law.
real	A majority of Americans still oppose this health care bill.
real	The FBI is involved in an investigation about people in the Rio Grande Valley who are using cocaine to buy votes.
real	In Sauk City, Wisconsin, the ID office that provides identification for voting is only open on the fifth Wednesday of every month -- a total of four days in 2016.
real	With one stroke of his pen, President Bush has denied health insurance to 3.8 million kids who were due to get it under this bipartisan expansion of the Children's Health Insurance Program.
fake	The study that states that more than 70 percent of the traffic on the Sellwood Bridge is to/from Clackamas County has been thoroughly debunked by The Oregonian.
fake	Tim Kaine supported higher energy costs for families.
real	The amount of the revenue required by the state (for the construction of high-speed rail) is around 10 percent.
real	Tide gauges measuring sea level in Rhode Island since 1930 have risen maybe about 10 inches since that time.
real	Members of Congress did not have three days to read the bill when the stimulus was rushed into law.
real	Congress has spent 66 of the first 100 days of this term in recess.
real	Biden is "one of the least wealthy members of the U.S. Senate."
fake	Says actor Dwayne The Rock Johnson wore a T-shirt stating: We Stand for the flag, we kneel for the fallen.
real	Since he took office as Milwaukee County executive, we have never raised bus fares and this year therell be a million route-miles more than there were five years ago.
fake	Says Donald Trump is a guy who has called for privatization of the Veterans Administration.
fake	Says President Barack Obama is the first president weve ever had who thinks he can choose which laws to enforce and which laws to ignore.
fake	The Hollywood celebrities endorsing Hillary Clinton are in many cases celebrities that arent very hot anymore.
fake	Weve lost 26 million jobs since (Obamas) been president.
fake	Under the Obama plan . . . all the health care in this country is eventually going to be run by the government.
fake	Wisconsins criminal threshold for drunken-driving is way out of line with states surrounding us, which have the second offense as a felony.
real	The addition of a 1 percent sales tax would cost a typical household in Hillsborough County approximately $12 a month.
real	A single mother of two cant qualify for basic healthcare through Medicaid if she makes more than $3,504 dollars a year.
real	In 2006, Bernie Sanders voted in the House with hard-line Republicans for indefinite detention for undocumented immigrants, and then he sided with those Republicans to stand with vigilantes known as Minutemen who were taking up outposts along the border to hunt down immigrants.
real	We have more people working in clean and green energy than in oil and gas in this country.
fake	America used to be the third easiest country to get established in a business. Its now number 17.
fake	Stimulus tax cuts "began showing up in paychecks of 4.8 million Indiana households about three months ago."
fake	Our real unemployment is anywhere from 18 to 20 percent. Dont believe the 5.6. Dont believe it.
real	Says Bernie Sanders voted for regime change with respect to Libya.
fake	Black Lives Matter, who are attacking law enforcement officers -- Barack Obama had them to the White House.
real	Within the three miles surrounding the University Circle area, infant mortality exceeds some Third World countries.
real	Many uninsured Americans are young.
fake	Says Gov. Scott Walker raises the pay of inmates, but we dont raise the pay of staff in our correctional institutions.
fake	Idaho Republican Rep. Mike Simpson is a liberal who voted with Nancy Pelosi to fund sex study programs of San Francisco prostitutes and to regulate the sale of firearms.
real	Among the developed nations, we are the least economically and socially mobile country in the world.
real	Ultimately, after an exhaustive investigation, the National Transportation Safety Board concluded that a Minneapolis bridge collapsed in 2007 because of an original design flaw dating back to the 1960s.
fake	Every one of the 67 supervisors of elections in Florida refused to carry out the effort to remove noncitizens from the voter rolls.
real	A majority of the American people opposed the health care law when it was signed and still oppose it today.
real	Says Texas ranks first in executions among the states.
fake	This is the year Florida becomes a majority minority state.
fake	Drug overdoses are now the second-most common cause of death in New Hampshire.
real	In Hawaii, "they don't have a history of throwing incumbents out of office."
fake	Paul Ryan is one of only six House Republicans who voted for Teddy Kennedys bill to force Christian employers to hire LGBT employees.
fake	Heres the simple and undeniable fact: The overwhelming majority of violent criminals are Democrats.
fake	Says the Koch brothers want to protect tax cuts for companies that ship our jobs overseas.
real	I supported tort reform with regard to securities...product liability...interstate commerce.
fake	Says Wisconsin women facing pay discrimination cant do something about it under bill passed by Republicans.
fake	As the number of vaccines administered to children has increased in the United States, so has the autism rate.
real	The Wisconsin school voucher program has no research that shows that its going to improve student learning.
fake	Virtually every person across this country has seen premiums going up and up and up due to Obamacare.
real	We cut taxes for 95 percent of working families.
fake	If we went back to the obesity rates that existed in 1980, that would save the Medicare system a trillion dollars.
real	Mitt Romney says the next president doesn't need foreign policy experience.
fake	SaysHillary Clinton took 13 hours to send help to Americans under fire during the terrorist attack in Benghazi.
fake	For every single illegal immigrant family in this country, it costs $20,000 it costs us $20,000; $20,000 in infrastructural costs. They pay about $10,000 in taxes.
real	Im the only candidate for Milwaukee County executive that has voted against increasing government pensions.
real	Says Dan Patrick has called immigration into Texas an invasion and said immigrants coming into Texas bring third-world diseases.
real	Says Scott Brown co-sponsored legislation to let employers deny women coverage for birth control.
real	We got back every dime used to rescue the banks.
fake	President Obama came to Ohio 12 times to try to defeat me and guess what? He didnt win.
fake	There are about 350,000 people who succeed in crossing our borders illegally each year.
real	Marcy Kaptur voted against a ban which would have prevented the aborting of a baby girl for the sole reason that shes a girl.
fake	A defense bill includes language that would require military hospitals to provide abortions on demand.
real	In 31 states, decent child care costs more than college tuition.
real	In the past decade in New York State more than 30 current and former state officeholders have been convicted, sanctioned or accused of wrongdoing more than any other state.
real	Says for the first time ever, Texas lawmakers are not funding student population growth.
real	The fact is it's not amnesty.
real	One thing that is much more unpopular than the Affordable Care Act is repealing the Affordable Care Act.
fake	In K-12 education, our kids are scoring at the bottom of science and mathematics right now in the industrialized world -- at the bottom.
real	[The state ethics commission] took absolutely the same percent of cuts as most other state agencies. They were somewhere in the 7 percent range same as the governors office.
real	The words subhuman mongrel, which Ted Nugent called President Barack Obama, were used by the Nazis to justify the genocide of the Jewish community.
real	Says he had to impose tougher cost controls on state employees than any previous Wisconsin governor.
fake	Wisconsin dropped from second in the country to 41st among states where more than half the students took the ACT exam.
fake	The five Guantanamo detainees swapped for Bowe Bergdahl are back on the battlefield.
real	Drone technology now allows an individual to be recorded in their homes by drones as small as birds and immediately uploaded to the internet.
real	Says were losing one voter every 13 minutes.
real	My two appointments to the Florida Supreme Court, Raul Cantero and Kenneth Bell, have earned reputations as its most consistent conservatives.
fake	Although the governor doubled the beach fees . . . all the money, as we found out, is all going to an out-of-state company. The state isnt even getting the money for that.
real	When the Dallas/Fort Worth Airport needed to stop its earthquake spike a few years ago, they temporarily shut down the wells that were injecting fracking fluid into the ground ... (and) those earthquakes stopped.
fake	In the history department at the University of Texas, out of 50 registered voters, only one is a Republican.
real	Says if you are shot in the city of Newark, you have over an 80 percent chance that youve been arrested before an average of 10 times.
real	The state has less employees this year than we did last year.
real	Two-thirds of Wisconsinites receiving unemployment checks are not required to search for work due to current work search exemptions.
real	Less than 5 percent of registered users in states allowing medical marijuana have cancer or AIDS.
fake	Virginia House Speaker Bill Howell is allied to group pushing MIXED SEX BATHROOMS in Stafford Schools.
fake	During the 2005 fight over Social Security, there were noisy demonstrations but they were outside the events, and opponents were not disruptive crowds booed lines they didnt like, but that was about it.
real	Guantanamo has never been a key component of ISIS or al-Qaida propaganda.
real	Before April 22, we have restored the rights of more than 18,000 individuals, which is more than the past seven governors combined in their four-year terms.
real	Says Michelle Nunn has acknowledged allowing a convicted felon to hold a fundraiser for her.
real	Says opponent U.S. Rep. Gwen Moore is Wisconsins most absent member of Congress, missing nearly 17 percent of the House votes in the second quarter of 2012.
real	Says JoAnne Kloppenburg has told us she thinks its her job to promote a more equal society.
fake	Says Sen. Sherrod Brown voted to keep an extreme, job-killing Internal Revenue Service paperwork mandate.
real	The most recent Associated Press poll has Nader-Gonzalez at 6 percent, without any national coverage, against McCain and Obama.
fake	Says Patrick Murphy is the only candidate to have voted against every measure to fund Zika.
fake	Says the Obama administration plans to ban all weapons for U.S. citizens through international treaties.
real	Says Marco Rubio opposes abortioneven in the case of rape and incest.
fake	Del. Ben Chafin took money away from Southwest Virginia schools while votingto build a politicians palace.
fake	Bill Nelson voted for higher taxes 150 times.
fake	Cuccinelli wants to make all abortion illegal, even in cases of rape and incest, even to protect a womans health.
real	The House Democrats' so-called 'stimulus' has been stuffed with an astonishing $335 million to fund prevention programs of sexually transmitted diseases.
fake	Milwaukee police and firefighters are routinely getting 4 percent raises annually while everybody else is either getting zero or one percent raises.
real	There is an increasing amount of evidence from public polling that the highest number of Americans ever identify themselves as pro-life.
real	Were losing almost 6,000 state jobs.
fake	Because of (the 1994 crime bill), we had a 25-year low in crime, a 33-year low in the murder rate, and listen to this, because of that and the background check law, a 46-year low in the deaths of people of gun violence.
fake	Says your Legislative Assembly was within one vote of enacting each of those bills into Oregon law.
fake	Says 220,000New Yorkers would have immediately benefitted had President Obamas executive action been affirmed.So almost a quarter million of our fellow New Yorkers who are hurting right now whose rights and opportunities were taken away by the Supreme Court.
fake	When Atlanta Police Chief George Turner was interim head of the department, overall crime fell 14 percent and violent crime dropped 22.7 percent.
real	Some 8.1 million of the estimated 11 million to 12 million people in this country illegally are working.
fake	Sotomayor ruled against the white firefighter Ricci and other white firefighters just on the basis that she thought women and minorities should be given a preference because of their skin color and because of the history of discrimination in the past. The law was totally disregarded.
real	The Arizona State Board of Educations failure to report teachers whose certifications have been revoked or suspended ... resulted in the death of a student.
fake	Under Greg Abbott, Texas four-year-olds would be forced to undergo standardized tests.
fake	Mitt Romney has 15 homes.
fake	A year since the Recovery Summer, there has been been a fall, winter and spring of no recovery.
real	After years of 5.5 percent average tuition increases, we now have a two-year tuition freeze for the first time in the history of the UW System.
fake	The RI Board of Elections has heard official testimony from Providence residents who claim to have witnessed known illegal aliens voting in local elections.
fake	Theres a tax credit of $2,400 to bond [former inmates] that an employer would get for hiring a convicted felon. Theres a federal bonding program -- you can get $5,000 to $25,000 in federal money to hire a convicted felon. And theres federal grants for felons to set up their own small businesses.
real	New Glarus Brewing Co.s Spotted Cow is available only in Wisconsin.
fake	I made a bunch of these promises during the campaign. ... Weve got about 60 percent done in three years.
real	Other states have considered or have sunset advisory commissions; the federal government has the ability, too.
fake	Says state Senate candidate Monk Elmer voted to exceed the (school district property tax) spending caps.
fake	Says Catherine Cortez Masto was happy to line her own pockets with taxpayer dollars when state employees were slammed with frozen salaries.
fake	Most of your serial killers, most of your people who commit domestic violence, they start off by abusing animals.
fake	Obama ... gave almost a million dollars to the (Kenya) opposition campaign who just happened to be his cousin, Raila Odinga.
real	Over the last 40 years, this countrys prison population has grown by 500 percent.
real	On whether the state should privatize the Ohio Turnpike.
real	The Buffett Rule will bring in less than $5 billion per year. ... Enough to pay one weeks interest on the national debt.
fake	Republicans enacted the most drastic cuts to K-12 public schools of any state in the nation.
fake	Says she does the jobs of state auditor, secretary of state and lieutenant governor for less than the price of one of them in Washington state.
real	Barack Obamas health care bill is nothing new. Mitt Romney signed one just like it four years before.
fake	John McCain accused Barack Obama "of letting infants die."
real	Under the new health care law, if a landscaper wants to buy a new lawnmower, or a restaurant needs a new ice-maker, they have to report that to the feds.
real	Immigrants start businesses at a faster rate; they seem to grow those businesses more successfully.
real	There is a federal criminal law that says its a crime to transport dentures across state lines.
real	Says Scott Walker cut back early voting and signed legislation that would make it harder for college students to vote.
fake	We could cut unemployment in half simply by reclaiming the jobs taken by illegal workers.
real	His new running mate, Congressman Ryan, put forward a plan that would let Governor Romney pay less than 1 percent in taxes each year.
fake	Says Charlotte Nash pretends to be a chicken farmer in order to get property tax exemptions.
real	The state budget proposal has been submitted on time and [its] the earliest that a governor has done so in over two decades.
real	As part of legislative fights over abortion rights,Mike Coffman co-sponsored a bill to redefine rape.
fake	Says he didnt tell viewers that the Obama campaign hid news about the motives behind the attack in Benghazi because Obama was running for re-election.
real	The Children's Defense Fund rated McCain as the worst senator in Congress for children.
fake	Says that Lee Fisher once said, I never met a gun control bill I didnt like.
fake	If a President Romney got a call from the president of the (Mormon church), he has no choice but to obey. It is obedience over family and country.
fake	Fast and Furious began under the Bush administration.
fake	Voter identification laws make it complicated and expensive to get an ID, essentially instituting a modern-day poll tax.
real	Youve got a medical report on me that meets the same standard as Mitt Romney and Barack Obama.
real	There are 3 million jobs that go vacant each month in this country.
fake	Dubai is the only country with huge amounts of imported workers that's actually passed legislation to give these immigrant workers a better deal in the Middle East.
fake	Sen.Mark Begich cast the deciding vote in favor of President Obamas authority to issue executive amnesty to illegal aliens.
real	If you go strictly by the numbers, crime is down across the board. Last year we had a 10 percent decrease in the most serious crimes.
fake	A Republican-sponsored Wisconsin mining bill will take at least seven years to create jobs.
real	Trey Radel does not even qualify to drive a Lee County school bus at this point, yet he occupies a seat in Congress.
fake	Research shows that a vast majority of arriving immigrants today come here because they believe that government is the source of prosperity, and thats what they support.
real	Under the Endangered Species Act, only 1 percent of the species that have been listed have actually been delisted.
fake	Weve had about 3,000 murders in connection with lax border security.
real	The Republican Party has 21 percent party ID and shrinking.
real	In Syria, we struck a deal where we got 100 percent of the chemical weapons out.
real	US: Change in Income, 2009-13. Top 1%: +31.4%. Bottom 99%: +0.4%.
real	Says Dontre Hamilton, who was killed during a confrontation with a Milwaukee police officer, was unarmed.
real	The reason why Cubans dont have access to 21st century telecommunications like smart phones, like access to the Internet is because it is illegal in Cuba.
real	As governor, I cut $5 billion in spending.
fake	Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Jim Renaccis Republican majority.
real	Almost 10 percent of Canadians came to visit Florida last year ... (Canadians) buy 7.4 percent of our homes in the state.
fake	Says the Medicaid fraud rate in Virginia was fact-checked and found to be 0.47 percent.
fake	Ben Franklin once quipped that only two things in life were certain: death and taxes. I think even he didnt envision that the tax man would visit on the day of your death.
real	The House of Representatives just voted 300-131 to remove country-of-origin labeling on chicken, pork, and beef sold in the U.S.
real	Says employers are still allowed to pay people with disabilities below the minimum wage.
fake	TheCBO saysthe cost of health care reform will rise to $1.8 trillion, increasing the price to far greater than the $900 billion originallyprojected.
fake	The Providence teacher contract is one of the longest in the country.
real	Says Republican presidential candidate and Gov. John Kasich has spent 177 days out of state and used $350,000 in taxpayer money on his costly campaign.
real	House Appropriations Chair David Obey's partial earmark ban wouldn't apply to 90% of earmarks.
fake	President Barack Obamas policies have forced many parts of the country to experience rolling blackouts.
real	Wisconsins 6th congressional district has more manufacturing jobs than almost any other in the nation.
fake	In Cranston, it costs $5,000 to $6,000 to send out community notifications on just one Level 3 sex offender.
real	College tuition rates in Texas jumped by 55% since 2003.
real	When the Republicans were in charge, they actually expanded government health care with the prescription drug program.
fake	Says that President Obama said that Small Businesses Succeed Because of Government.
fake	Says federal health care overhaul will cost Texas state government upwards of $30 billion over the next 10 years.
fake	Pre-existing conditions are covered under my (health care) plan.
real	The states unemployment rate is fifth-highest in the country, a full point above the nationwide rate and higher than all of our...neighboring states.
fake	Says he took down the mob in Northeast Ohio
fake	The health care reform bill is the largest tax increase in U.S. history.
fake	On transparency in dealing with the Republican Party of Florida's financial issues.
fake	Says the initial Portland plastic bag ban represented only a modest share of total single-use checkout bag use.
fake	Texans eat more catfish than residents of all other states combined.
real	Weve outdrawn the Super Bowl for a little while now in the arenas and stadiums that weve followed them in for the Super Bowl. Weve gone in after [the NFL] and surpassed their ticket sales.
real	Romney refused to pardon "a decorated soldier" returning from Iraq who had been charged with a crime involving a BB gun when he was 13.
fake	Scott Walkers income tax plan is a tax hike. It increases taxes for nearly 80% of the people in the state.
real	When we started this health care debate a year ago, 85 percent of the American people had health insurance, and 95 percent of the 85 percent were happy with it.
fake	Every year in the United States between 3,000 and 4,500 severe vaccine reactions are reported to the Centers for Disease Control. Not mild reactions. Severe reactions that land somebody in the hospital, the intensive care unit or cause a permanent disability or death.
fake	Gov. Crist's veto also clears the way for taxpayer funding of abortion in Florida.
real	We are about halfway to the presidents goal to cut greenhouse gas emissions and about half of that is because of the substitution of natural gas for coal in the power sector.
fake	Private prison systems are calculating how many new beds (they will need) based on the ... number of third graders.
fake	Said he is the only Democratic candidate for state attorney general who has "represented the entire state of Georgia."
fake	Says Barack Obama said that ordinary men and women are too small-minded to govern their own affairs and that individuals should surrender their rights to an all-powerful sovereign.
real	Eighty out of 82 counties in Ohio ... have an auto manufacturing facility.
real	As Dane County executive, Kathleen Falk raised property taxes by millions of dollars every year and approved the second highest increase in the state in 2010.
real	The president has added close to 68,000 troops in the last year, since he came into office, not just the 30,000 you hear, but the others that were added before that.
real	Children who witness domestic violence are twice as likely to commit it themselves.
real	The federal minimum wage is worth about 20 percent less than it was when Ronald Reagan gave his first address to a joint session of Congress.
real	Mitt Romney received exactly zero votes in at least 12 Cuyahoga County precincts.
fake	When President AbrahamLincoln signed his Emancipation Proclamation, there were over 300,000 slaveholders who were fighting in the Union army.
real	This is the most generous country in the world when it comes to immigration. There are a million people a year who legally immigrate to the United States.
fake	Says Patrick Murphy wrongly conveyed Rubios stance on abortion for women infected by Zika.
fake	We must deal with the here and now and assure affordable fuel for America by increasing domestic production.
fake	Says Barack Obama told the U.S. Coast Guard Academy that the number one threat to the military and the world today is global warming.
fake	Those who fail to buy health insurance under Obamacare face the threat of jail time.
fake	Says Jeff Reardon cut elementary school music classes, art instruction, teaching positions, basketball and volleyball programs, and he voted to raise school lunch prices.
real	The (Russian) ruble is already going down.
real	In 1952, the corporate income tax accounted for 33 percent of all federal tax revenue. Today, despite record-breaking profits, corporate taxes bring in less than 9 percent.
real	The Seminole gambling compact offers $3 billion in guaranteed revenue, the largest share for any state in history.
fake	Under Tom Barretts leadership, violent crime in Milwaukee has decreased by over 20% -- to its lowest levels in more than 20 years.
real	Atlanta now has as many visitors as Las Vegas, San Diego and Los Angeles. Orlando, Fla., and New York City still have more visitors.
fake	Says bag litter increased after San Francisco banned single-use shopping bags.
fake	Americans "have never paid more for gas at the pump."
real	Black children constitute 18 percent of the nations public school population but 40 percent of the children who are suspended or expelled.
fake	Under the new health care law, the elderly will be denied care when they have "passed the age limit for treatment."
fake	Barack Hussein Obama will ... force Christian schools to hire non-Christian teachers.
real	We reduced the government workforce by 13,000, 11 percent, during my eight years.
real	Orrin Hatch co-sponsored a 1993 health care bill that had an individual mandate.
fake	Just look at what the FBI director said about her (Hillary Clinton) her misconduct is a disgrace and embarrassment to our country.
real	Ohios judges, compared to other similar states, are being woefully underpaid.
real	Under President George W. Bush, the U.S. had 52 months of ... uninterrupted job creation and revenues were at an all-time high in 2007.
real	Richard Cordrays nomination to head the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau marks the first time in Senate history that a political party has blocked a nomination of someone because they didnt like the construction of the agency.
real	Says Mitt Romney said he does not line up with the NRA.
fake	Says Mitt Romneys campaign has already spent more on negative ads than John McCain did during his entire presidential run.
fake	Says Gov. Scott Walker signed abortion, sex education and discrimination bills in secret.
real	It is against the law for the NSA to record or monitor Americans phone calls without getting a specific FISA warrant to do so.
real	Says Hillary Clintons rejection of efforts to make it easier to vote and harder to cheat not only defies logic, but the will of the majority of Americans.
fake	Says George Soros and Bill Gates are funding a bioweapons lab in Sierra Leone that caused the Ebola outbreak.
fake	Obama Announces Plans For A Third Term Presidential Run
fake	After Fahrenheit 9/11 came out, "Bush's approval rating never was better, it only got worse."
fake	Through competition as governor, I got agreements to build a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline.
fake	Scott Walker had a 2.3 GPA when he was asked to leave Marquette University for cheating.
real	One out of five of our children live in a family thats on food stamps.
real	We knew Strom Thurmond had proposed the amendment that blocked Puerto Ricos use of Chapter 9 bankruptcy protection.
fake	In the first year of the Obama administration, more jobs were created in the private sector than in the eight years of the Bush administration.
real	We have at least 200,000 to 300,000 hate crimes in a given year.
fake	Says Ken Cuccinelli wants to eliminate all forms of birth control.
fake	Says Nathan Deal killed pro-gun bills in 2013.
real	Says Texas passed a state Dream Act before any other state.
real	Less than four cents of every health care dollar is spent on prevention and public health.
real	Since 1900, six (U.S. Supreme Court) justices have been confirmed during election years, including Justice Anthony Kennedy, who was confirmed in the final year of the Reagan Administration.
real	Seneca Jones Timber Co., aiming to increase logging and allay fears that old growth will be cut, says mills have shifted to second-generation trees. An ad from the company asks: Do you know that most all mills in Oregon have retooled over the past 20 years?
real	U.S. forces in Iraq and Afghanistan include a "few thousand that are still green card holders who are not even citizens of this country."
real	The pension fund in the city of Providence is only 30 percent funded, about the same level as when he [Taveras] took office.
fake	The Florida Legislature has not filed a lawsuit to fight Amendments 5 and 6.
real	Hillary Clinton "has the only health care plan that covers every American."
real	The (Florida) casino proposed by Malaysian gambling conglomerate Genting would be nearly double the size of the largest casino in the world.
fake	50 percentof murders in Texas have been linked to illegal aliens.
fake	Statistics bear out that any time a country, a state, makes more restrictive abortion laws ... fatalities go up and abortions actually increase.
real	Planned Parenthood is an organization that funnels millions of dollars in political contributions to pro-abortion candidates.
fake	Under Obamacare, 75 percent of small businesses now say they are going to be forced to either fire workers or cut their hours.
real	Says student loan interest rates will double from 3.4 percent to 6.8 percent July 1.
fake	The Chamber of Commerce says new carbon regulations will kill 244,000 jobs a year and cost average families $1,200 a year.
fake	I brought down crime more than anyone in this country -- maybe in the history of this country -- while I was mayor of New York City. -
real	Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst does not support a national minimum wage.
fake	Thanks to #ObamaCare, average E.R. wait in California is 5 hours.
real	Says Marco Rubio would take away a womans right to choose for victims of rape or incest.
fake	Ive gotten to see the commercials that they did on you. And Ive gotten to see some of the most vicious commercials Ive ever seen of Michelle Obama talking about you, Hillary.
real	A million people a year come into the U.S. legally. No other country even comes close to that figure.
fake	Says the one person (Donald Trump)has suggested that would make a good justice is his sister, who is a court of appeals judge appointed by Bill Clinton. She is a hardcore pro-abortion liberal judge.
fake	Once again, a police officer has been killed with an illegal gun from Georgia a state that last year did the NRAs bidding and weakened its already lax gun laws.
real	Says Georgia Power customers pay 10 percent to 15 percent below the national average for electricity.
fake	We researched to find out if anybody on Fox News had ever said youre going to jail if you dont buy health insurance. Nobodys ever said it.
real	Sen. Obama has never taken on his party leaders on a single major issue.
real	The DREAM Act was written by members of both parties. When it came up for a vote a year and a half ago, Republicans in Congress blocked it. The bill hadnt changed. ... The only thing that had changed was politics.
fake	Says Ohio budget item later signed into law by Gov. John Kasich requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a mandatory vaginal probe.
real	Before the terrorist attacks in Benghazi, the State Department not only failed to honor repeated requests for additional security, but instead actually reduced security in Libya.
real	The U.S. Supreme Court decided in 1982 that non-citizen children must get free K-12 education.
fake	Under Gov. Scott Walker, unemployment is increasing in Wisconsin at twice the rate it is nationally.
fake	Says Baltimore police are trained by Mossad and Shin Bet.
real	Most AGs dont go to court..
real	The Hyde Amendmentlanguage was in the (human trafficking) bill. The Democratic sponsor admits it was in the bill, and she voted for it.
fake	For the first time in history, the Democratic Congress will not allow an increase in the social security COLA (cost of living adjustment).
real	President Barack Obamas judicial appointments for Georgia and the region were drafted in secret and not vetted by legal groups among the presidents supporters.
real	Rhode Island continues to have the highest rates of substance abuse in the country.
fake	AIDS was transmitted to humans because one guy had sex with a monkey and then started having sex with men.
fake	New Virginia regulations on abortion clinics provide the same sanitary environment we expect of dental offices.
real	On immigration, what reports say President Barack Obama plans to do is roughly on the same scale as what President George H.W. Bush did.
fake	Says the estate tax, in many cases, forces family farmers and small businesses owners to sell their holdings.
real	Over the last few decades, the income of the top 1 percent grew by more than 275 percent -- to an average of $1.3 million a year.
fake	A National Football League lockout would cost Atlanta $160 million in lost jobs and revenue.
fake	On allowing abortion in cases of rape or incest, I have never said that or advocated that.
fake	Says At age 76 when you most need it, you are not eligible for cancer treatment under Affordable Care Act.
real	150,000 (oil spill) claims have been filed by Floridians, but only 40 percent of them have been paid.
fake	A proposed San Antonio ordinance will allow men into womens restrooms in the city.
fake	As governor, Tim Kaine oversaw a huge increase in illegal immigration, a tremendous increase.
fake	For the first time in U.S. history, a personal inaction will be deemed unlawful -- not purchasing a health-insurance plan
fake	Under Republican-backed state budget, the state education agency estimates expansion of Wisconsins school voucher program could cost nearly $2 billion annually
fake	Says President Barack Obama said when we got bin Laden, terrorism problem solved.
fake	In the U.S. Senate, Barack Obama "has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done."
real	New Mexico was 46th in teacher pay (when he was elected), now we're 29th.
fake	Says the estate tax is a threat to family farms.
real	U.S. Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison has voted nine separate times to raise the national debt ceiling.
fake	Every (personhood) bill Ive ever support has either had language that says were conforming to the constitutional rulings of the Supreme Court or something to that effect.
fake	Says Dick Cheney de-Baathisized the Iraqi government and created ISIS.
fake	Without U.S. Senate action, Texas will have more federal judicial vacancies this year than any other state.
real	Nevada has been recently ranked No. 1 in unemployment, foreclosures, violent crime, personal bankruptcy and divorce.
fake	Delaware Democratic Senate candidate Chris Coons thought that a 911 call should be taxed.
real	(M)ore Georgians have jobs than at any other time since October 2008.
real	I saved the taxpayers $2-billion on a bogus Air Force Boeing tanker deal where people went to jail.
real	Obama said (the individual mandate) wasnt a tax.
real	As governor, Ted Strickland left only 89 cents in Ohios rainy day fund.
fake	The economy began its nose dive when Democrats took control of Congress in January 2007.
real	Says close to 90 percent of the population growth in Texas over the last decade was non-Anglo.
fake	Says Mitt Romney wrote that if Social Security was done in the private sector, it would be called criminal.
fake	The majority of people travelling to these destination resorts are not going for the primary purpose of gambling.
real	More people are struck by lightning than commit in-person voter fraud by impersonation.
real	George Allen voted to add $3 trillion to the federal debt, voted to raise the debt ceiling four times and voted for the No Child Left Behind Act while he was a senator.
fake	Following the catastrophic, cascading collapse of major investment banks on Wall Street in 2007.....Nobody was prosecuted, no hearings were held and no reforms were implemented.
real	Says Mitt Romney was director of a company that stole millions from Medicare.
real	In the last 22 months, businesses have created more than 3 million jobs. Last year, they created the most jobs since 2005.
fake	The Chinese government provides their people no access to the Internet.
fake	I am the only U.S. Senate candidate who spoke out against bombing Syria, and who challenged Georgias governor and insurance commissioner over obstruction to the Affordable Care Act.
real	Obama spent "40 percent of the PAC money, 43 percent to be exact, on Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada and South Carolina politicians."
fake	The Tax Foundation figures Rhode Island as the 10th highest state for state and local tax burden per capita in the country. Were the 6th worst in the country for the business tax index. Were the 3rd highest per capita in the country for all taxes.
fake	The economic stimulus bill created a council that's "modeled after the national board that controls Britains health system."
real	80 percent of the American people havent gotten a pay raise since the crash.
fake	Human error, such as skipping a community in the Wisconsin Supreme Court race, is common in (the vote-tabulation) process.
fake	Over half of the young people in medical, dental and law schools are women.
real	Every single month since 1985 has been warmer than the historic average. All 12 of the warmest years on record have come in the last 15 years.
fake	Says John Boehner admits we are not going to be any different than weve been by returning to the same failed economic policies that wrecked our economy.
fake	The CNBC debate was supposed to be three hours, and he renegotiated it down to two hours.
fake	Says Hillary Clintons State Department approved the transfer of 20 percent of Americas uranium holdings to Russia, while nine investors in the deal funneled $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.
fake	Its possible that non-citizen voters were responsible for Obamas 2008 victory in North Carolina.
real	Says Rick Scotts per-pupil education spending is about $200 less than what it was under Charlie Crist during the recession.
real	Says the states new collective bargaining law effectively eliminates police unions ability to negotiate.
real	President Obama will now own 60 percent of GM, and his union buddies will own almost 20 percent.
real	More than half of women under 30 who give birth do so outside of marriage...
real	Florida is enjoying its lowest crime rate in 39 years.
fake	Says Romney and Bain Capital drove KB Toys into bankruptcy by loading it up with debt.
fake	Says of Mitch McConnell,What can happen in 30 years? A senator can become a multi-millionaire in public office.
real	Texas has a higher incarceration rate than Russia or Iran.
fake	Spending on welfare, on prisons, and education, all of those have dropped by hundreds of millions of dollars because of Arizonas immigration laws that drove outundocumented immigrants.
fake	The president has said the national security threat facing America, the top one, is global warming.
real	Hitler didnt want unions. Stalin didnt want unions. Mubarak didnt want independent unions. These autocrats in history dont want independent unions.
fake	If you look at the results of Obamacare, what you see is emergency room visits are up over 50 percent.
real	President Obamas proposal calls for serious cuts in our own long-term carbon emissions, but China and India will still be allowed to increase their emissions.
fake	The 9-0 decision last week was the 13th time the Supreme Court voted 9-0 that the president had exceeded his constitutional authority.
real	We have the highest per-pupil cost in the country.
real	Were spending $12,000 bucks a kid a year in the school system.
fake	Ethanol reduced gas prices by 89 cents per gallon in 2010, and if ethanol disappeared, gas prices could rise by as much as 92 percent.
real	During Lyndon B. Johnsons first 20 years in Congress, he opposed every civil rights measure that came up for a vote.
real	Hate crimes against American Muslims and mosques have tripled after Paris and San Bernardino.
real	Risk analysts listed Donald Trump, a Donald Trump presidency, as one of the top threats facing the global economy, ahead of terrorism.
real	There is a constitutional issue that affects the paychecks of members of Congress during a shutdown.
real	Every family health insurance policy has "a $900 hidden tax" to subsidize health care costs of the uninsured.
fake	The House health care bill provides for "free abortion services, and probably forced participation in abortions by members of the medical profession."
real	Texas has a higher unemployment rate than neighboring states.
fake	Says Republican U.S. Rep. Sean Duffy voted against paying our soldiers and against increasing combat pay while voting to protect his own pay.
real	Mortgage fraud is up 400 percent in the last five years.
fake	Quotes Mark Cuban as saying,I worry that millions of millennials are voting Democrat this year because they fact-check everything.
real	In 2009, Democratic Wisconsin state senators rammed through a billion-dollar tax hike in 24 hours with no public input.
real	Virginia women earnonly 79 cents to each dollar earned by men...
real	The median male worker in this country has not seen a raise, inflation adjusted, for 30 years, basically.
real	The majority of my contributions have been from private individuals giving $125 on average, not from PACs, not from groups.
real	The CBO found that the House Republican health care plan would lower premiums by "up to about 10 percent" and, for purchasers in the individual market, "those cost savings could even be higher."
real	The Ohio Democratic Party has raised $1.1 million since the November election. A very small percentage of that has come from organized labor.
real	Says Newt Gingrich made an affirmative statement that he would not only support but he would campaign for Republicans who were in support of the barbaric procedure known as partial-birth abortion.
real	Rail doesnt do a great job in lessening traffic.
real	Says military expenditures for the United States are greater than the combined spending of the next 14 largest nations.
fake	Says that since lawmakers acted, we have 130 new businesses across Texas doing helicopter hog hunts.
fake	Jay-Z and Beyonce Attempt to Buy Rights to Confederate Flag to Prevent Further Use.
fake	Poverty levels (are) at an all-time high.
fake	Every day, about 100 people will be arrested for possession of marijuana in Georgia.
fake	Congressman Nye voted against a bill which would have defunded the $5-10 billion the IRS needed toimplement health care legislation.
real	The United States right now incarcerates more African-Americans as a percentage than apartheid South Africa did.
real	(Mexican immigrants) are more law-abiding than U.S. citizens and that is a statistic.
real	A lawyer demanded several Houston pastors hand over to the city government many of their private papers, including their sermons.
real	If we keep the minimum wage at the current level, then single-parent families earning the minimum wage at a full-time job will live in poverty in New Jersey.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton refuses to testify before Congress about the 2012 attack in Benghazi.
fake	The number of jobs created and people lifted out of poverty during Bill Clintons presidency was a hundred times what it was under President Ronald Reagan.
real	The typical white male worker in this country is making in real terms what he was making in 1973 and the average worker is making what they were making in 1996.
real	Congress only funded half the wall between Mexico and the United States.
fake	Ted Cruz helps run two national organizations that have been leading the push to give amnesty to illegal immigrants.
fake	One. Thats the number of new drilling permits under the Obama administration since they came into office.
fake	There is a precedent for not nominating someone to the U.S. Supreme Court in the middle of a presidential election.
real	Dark money spending in the 2016 election cycle is 10 times what it was at the same point in the 2012 election cycle, when it topped $308 million.
real	There is not a single candidate in the Republican primary that thinks we should do anything about climate change.
real	One of three patients hospitalized (is) harmed by the care they receive.
real	Says Rick Scott changed his promise from700,000 jobs created on top of what normal growth would be to just 700,000 jobs.
real	Taxes and fees amount to about 20 percent of a typical $300 round-trip domestic ticket. Thats higher than taxes on products like alcohol, tobacco and firearms.
real	Says Donald Trump believes that states should actually have the right to lower the minimum wage below $7.25.
fake	Democrats are cutting our school funding. Four times in the last 10 years before we came into office.
fake	The 2011 Legislature did not cut Texas public school funding.
real	47 percent of Americanscant pay for an unexpected $400 expense through savings or credit cards, without selling something or borrowing money.
real	No openly gay man has ever been elected to the Georgia Legislature.
real	North Carolina Republican Senate candidate Thom Tillis would let insurance companies deny coverage for pre-existing conditions.
fake	Theres a section in the Constitution called the Emoluments Clause that says no one, nor their spouses, can take money from foreigners. (Hillary Clinton) has to be guilty of 70 or 100 counts just on that one charge.
real	In just 17 years, spending for Social Security, federal health care and interest on the debt will exceed ALL tax revenue!
fake	Gov. Deal has the worst record on education in the history of this state.
fake	The people that perpetrated that travesty in San Bernardino had never been to the Middle East.
fake	The Iran Deal will facilitate and accelerate the nation of Iran acquiring nuclear weapons.
real	Tom Suozzi raised taxes by hundreds of millions of dollars as Nassau County executive.
fake	Says a rape kit can be used to clean out women, basically like dilation and curettage.
fake	Surface temperatures on Earth have stabilized.
real	Obama taps porn lawyer for #2 at Justice.
real	In 2008, 33.2 percent of those who voted early on the last Sunday before Election Day were African-American, while 23.6 percent were Hispanic.
real	Warren Buffett called credit default swaps financial weapons of mass destruction. And Greene was the first individual to use them.
fake	People who wash cars at home will use approximately 80 percent more water than they do in a car wash.
fake	A report by the US General Accountability Office (GAO) in 2008 found that the disposal of Katrina wastes by AshBritt in the south resulted in the creation of contaminated sites along the Gulf Coast and two new Superfund sites in New Orleans.
real	If you make the average amount of people in Wisconsin, $50,000, you got $1.60 less a week in taxes under the state income-tax cut, but it didnt show up in your paycheck.
fake	Ohio has lost more population than every other state in the country except for two.
real	Georgia has the most restrictive ballot access laws in the country. elections mary-n independent 0 0 0 0 0 a television interview
fake	McDonalds hamburgers are only 15 percent real beef. The other 85 percent is meat filler cleansed with ammonia, which causes stomach and intestinal cancer.
real	Georgia ranks last in job growth.
real	Members of the public are being charged $50 to hear Gov. Scott Walker and a dozen members of his administration talk about jobs and the economy at Lambeau Field.
real	A couple of hundred American cities are infested by members of the Mexican cartels.
real	To this day, (the Cuban government) is a regime that provides safe harbor to terrorists and fugitives.
real	Says Republicans want to cut education by 25 percent.
fake	This is the first time since Roe was decided in 1973 that a court has granted personhood status to the preborn.
real	We have created more jobs in this last year than the Bush administration (did) in eight years.
fake	Decriminalizing marijuana will save the state anywhere from $4 (million) to $11 million dollars.
real	Congressman Paul introduces numerous pieces of substantive legislation each year, probably more than any single member of Congress.
real	Raising the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour will destroy between half a million and one million jobs.
fake	Says thousands at a Manhattan rally for Donald Trump were chanting We hate Muslims, we hate blacks, we want our great country back.
fake	We are accepting more legal immigrants than we ever have in the history (of the United States.)
real	Already this calendar year, since January 1, we have had more than 20,000 people come across the border, apprehended, unauthorized.
real	People want the minimum wage, they want marriage equality, they want womens health care. Theres issues that actually that really do matter, social issues that matter to the people of this state. So I know Barbara would support those issues, I know the governor hasnt. Youve seen the actions hes taken on them.
real	We have a higher rate of tested lead in people in Cleveland than in Flint.
real	We spend more per student than almost any other major country in the world.
fake	The Senate version of the health care reform bill allows taxpayer money to pay directly for abortion in federal community health centers funded in the bill.
fake	A bill to cap carbon emissions could cost Ohio 100,000 jobs.
fake	Taking all the money of the top 1 percent wouldnt keep Medicare going for three years.
real	After J.D. Hayworth "was voted out of Congress, he became a registered lobbyist" who was "paid thousands by a Florida corporation to lobby the very committee he used to serve on."
real	Were now spending 42 percent of our economy on government.
real	Says hes proposed the largest employer contribution to the Virginia Retirement System in history.
fake	John doesn't have a record in the Senate. John's only passed four bills. They're all about post offices.
real	The fastest-rising expense in the U.S. Defense Department is health care.
fake	83% of doctors have considered leaving the profession because of #Obamacare.
fake	Says Florida Gov. Rick Scotts cuts to education are the same as his proposedcorporate income tax rate reduction.
fake	Public employees receive something like 25 percent of the paychecks that are issued in Rhode Island.
real	More than 80 percent of Americans believe we need to have universal background checks.
fake	Says Patrick Murphy is trying to hide his drunken assault of a police officer.
fake	The unemployment rate for young people is down from a 10.6 percent high in 2009 to 2.6 percent today.
real	Since 2000, when he entered politics, Jon Husted has been on the ballot six times for three different political offices.
real	In 2006, Charlie Crist opposed in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
fake	The first tweet was sent from Austin.
real	The Republicans have repeatedly said that they agree with 80 percent of what's in our bill.
real	President Obama himself attempted to filibuster Justice Alito, who now sits on the Supreme Court.
fake	A letter from BP to the Minerals Management Service "actually recommends improvements and specific recommendations around safety regulations should they choose to change them."
fake	Says Vince Polistina is collecting nearly $70,000 in taxpayer-funded salaries -- plus a government pension.
fake	Bill White has presided over the construction of what may be the worlds largest abortion clinic.
fake	Toothpaste contains the poison substance of fluoride.
real	There are approximately 18,000 (police) departments in the United States.
real	The Defense Department received only one-half of 1 percent of the nearly trillion-dollar stimulus package funding.
real	The GOP platform that seeks further limits on abortion and is silent on an exception for rape has been there for more than 30 years.
fake	Trump refuses to denounce the KKK.
fake	Says Bruce Springsteen only had 8,000 tickets sold for a Greensboro show and canceled after they didnt get the ticket sales they wanted.
real	Obama unilaterally announced he was delaying employer mandate through a blog post by a mid-level bureaucrat at the Department of Treasury.
fake	Says Mitt Romney did not pay taxes for 10 years.
real	Bill Nelson voted to confirm Sonia Sotomayor, who signed a Supreme Court opinion saying Americans do not have an individual right to own firearms.
fake	The McCain campaign "did not elaborate" on Obama's ties to ACORN.
real	Up until recently, 75 percent of all the sorties that left the base came back without dropping their ordnances, because there was such a concern about making sure that there were no civilian casualties.
fake	Phoenix is already one of the kidnapping capitals of the world.
real	Jim Renacci cheated on his income taxes and is a deadbeat citizen.
fake	In 40 years, 23,000 chemicals came on the market and only four were regulated.
fake	Foreign Chinese prostitution money is allegedly behind the groups funding Congressman Sean Duffys Republican Majority.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton wants to essentially abolish the Second Amendment.
fake	Not a single Republican candidate, announced or potential, is clearly and consistently supporting a path to citizenship. Not one.
fake	Paul Ryans Medicare plan provides pretty much the same coverage that members of Congress receive.
real	And it's going to be difficult for us to do this as long as we're spending $275 million a day on a war that should have never been authorized...
real	57% of the jobs created in Austin from 2009 to 2013 do not pay families a living wage.
fake	(Birmingham, Ala.) is the cradle of the civil rights movement.
fake	No, I did not (have illegal immigrants working at his mansion).
real	Kansas has not elected somebody other than a Republican (to the U.S. Senate) since before The Wizard of Oz hit the movie theaters.
fake	In preparing a rules package for the 112th Congress, the GOP had no discussions with Democrats.
real	We waterboard, incidentally, hundreds of our own military personnel. They waterboard themselves in training to toughen themselves up.
fake	Says Mark Begich has taken campaign cash from the Kochs while Dan Sullivan hasnt.
real	The 2012 National Survey on Drug Use and Health found that up to half of daily marijuana smokers become addicted -- an estimated 2.7 million people in the U.S.
real	Says 1 in 7 American families is on food stamps.
fake	David Jolly has used money and power to try to drill off our beaches.
real	On the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP)
fake	SaysPresident Obama hijacked the farm bill (and) turned it into a food stamp bill.
fake	Says Abortion clinics in Oregon, as in most states, have no state oversight and are not held to basic health or safety standards.
real	The United States is one of only seven nations that allows elective abortions after 20 weeks post-fertilization.
real	All of Liberia can produce less than one-third as much electricity as the Dallas Cowboys football stadium consumes at peak times.
real	Says he cut taxes by more than $600 million when he wasgovernor.
fake	I have cut taxes 63 times, including a 2006 property tax reduction that ranks as the largest in state history.
real	Two years ago...I wrote to Secretary Paulson, I wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Bernanke, and told them [subprime lending] is something we have to deal with.
fake	Earlier this year, the head of the Congressional Budget Office testified before Congress that implementation of Obamacare would cost 800,000 jobs.
fake	The law says ... when a police officer stops you, do whatever he says and then deal with it later.
fake	Bike lanes and sidewalks have been proven to reduce crashes by up to 38 percent on Austins streets.
fake	Mark Sharpe has lowered property taxes by 17 percent.
real	Says thatRepublican Darryl Glennhas described Democrats as evil and has said hes tired of hearing about Republicans reaching across the aisle.
fake	Says Romney wants to take away early childhood education, slash K-12 funding, and cut college aid to pay for a $250,000 tax break for multi-millionaires.
real	Under Republican Governor Chris Christie, tolls cost more. Train and bus rides cost more. College tuition goes up. But Christie protected a tax cut for millionaires.
real	Under federal law, Jared Loughner would not have been able to buy a gun had he been identified as mentally ill.
fake	Students In Fla. High School Forced To Recite Islamic Prayer, Make Prayer Rugs.
real	In Georgia, Perdues company closed plants and moved jobs to China.
fake	Most of the stimulus money will be spent not this year, not next year, but in 2011.
fake	In the state of Rhode Island 25 percent of our current physicians are graduates of for-profit medical schools.
fake	On three occasions, judges had to stop Jason Kander from manipulating elections.
real	San Antonio is now the largest city in the United States ever to have an African American woman mayor.
real	Theres never been a direct Supreme Court case on people who were here illegally, whether or not their kids are citizens.
fake	Since January 2008 the private sector has lost nearly 8 million jobs while local, state and federal governments added 590,000.
fake	Forty-five percent of doctors say theyll quit if health care reform passes.
fake	Says she couldn't take stimulus money because it required "universal building codes."
fake	We have doubled the distance our cars will go on a gallon of gas.
real	Says Philando Castile had been stopped by police 40 or 50 times before that fatal incident.
real	The federal government has made investments in science and technology inventing the products that led to the creation of Google.
real	Says streetcars carry more people than buses you attract more riders who dont ride transit now, and actually the operating costs are not any greater than the bus.
fake	The auto companies have now repaid taxpayers every dime and more of what my administration invested in.
real	They say teachers only make on averagein New Jersey 60,000 dollars a year.They only work 180 days.
fake	Scott Walker has a plan to privatize state lands and wants to sell our deer to the highest bidder.
real	Texas has outstripped the national poverty rate since at least 1959.
real	Says his Act 10 reforms have saved the taxpayers some $3 billion.
real	Annual water usage in 2010 was actually down more than 18 percent from usage in 2006.
real	Says Marco Rubio said Social Security and Medicare haveweakened us as a people.
real	You can buy lobster with food stamps.
real	Says Mitt Romneys plan rolls back regulations on banks.
fake	Says Bill Nelson cast the deciding vote for Obamacare cutting Medicare spending by $700 billion and letting an unelected board decide what gets covered here.
fake	The Mexican government ... they send the bad ones over.
real	Says Donald Trump was one of the people who rooted for the housing crisis. He said back in 2006, Gee, I hope it does collapse because then I can go in and buy some and make some money.
real	The world food demand is going to double sometime between now and 2070.
real	The coalition of Arab states against Libyas Moammar Gadhafi is the biggest coalition against a fellow Arab leader since the Persian Gulf War in 1990-1991.
real	Says U.S. Rep. Connie Mack IV passed only one bill in seven years.
real	The president can "authorize the killing of a U.S. citizen who fights for a foreign terrorist organization."
fake	There is no Plan B if the transportation referendum is not passed by voters.
fake	A (state) trooper with 10 years on the force is getting $500 a year more than a trooper with 10 minutes on the force.
real	If sea levels rise six feet due to climate change, Waterplace Park in Providence and Wickford village would be swamped
fake	For the hour after the (Jan. 14) debate, Debra Medina was the No. 1 search on Google and for the remainder of that night No. 3.
fake	(Brendan) Doherty wants to raise the eligibility age for Social Security benefits for anyone born after 1960, with no regard for the challenges it would cause for people working in physically demanding occupations.
fake	Says President Obama just granted all of Congress an exception to Obamacare.
real	A report by the health insurance industry "ignores some of the key policies that are part of the Senate Finance Committee bill."
fake	By 2015, we will be sending so much interest to China that we will be paying for the entire Peoples Liberation Army.
fake	Regulations have quadrupled. The rate of regulations quadrupled under this president.
real	Our state economic development agency under Walker, WEDC, actually isnt even using the funds that are appropriated to it.
real	Seven presidents before (Barack Obama) -- Republicans and Democrats -- tried to expand health care to all Americans.
fake	Unlike Benghazi, there were no investigations of the 1983 Beirut barracks bombing, none about key aspects of the 9/11 attacks and the Iraq War, and none about embassy attacks under George W. Bush.
fake	Says the national health care law puts federal bureaucrats between an American citizen and her doctor.
real	Says Mitt Romney is committed to overturning Roe vs. Wade, and he supports such amendments that define a life as beginning at the moment of conception.
fake	Eight million Americans have dropped out of the work force since (Barack) Obama became president. ... The real unemployment rate is 19 percent.
real	Obama's plan for health care reform ends exorbitant out-of-pocket expenses, deductibles or co-pays.
fake	A bill that would halt the EPA from regulating greenhouse gases would help stop rising gas prices.
real	There are at least twice as many licensed firearm dealers in California as there are McDonalds.
fake	The EPA has tried to define a puddle or a drainage ditch on your farm to be navigable waters and thus subject to massive environmental regulations.
fake	A new Colorado law literally allows residents to print ballots from their home computers, then encourages them to turn ballots over to collectors.
real	Georgia has more illegal aliens than the state of Arizona.
fake	It was found unconstitutional to drug test elected officials because it prevents us, as citizens, from having that First Amendment right.
fake	In the recent House special election in Florida, Democrats got outspent in a Republican district.
real	There have been at least four incidents where bullets from Mexico have crossed the border.
fake	Minnick voted to let the government fund abortion under Obamacare.
fake	We didnt go out asking people to join the stand your ground task force.
fake	In California, the windmills are killing hundreds and hundreds of eagles.
real	There is little if any evidence that the use of red light cameras in New Jersey has reduced the number or severity of accidents at the intersections where they are used.
fake	Miami-Dade County is the No. 1 donor county in the state.
fake	The Books Sarah Palin tried to have banned.
real	When the governor announced his jobs budget, 99 folks from the Department of Taxation were let go the next day.
real	The United States ranks second worst in income inequality across developed countries, after taxes and transfers.
real	Our businesses have created jobs every single month since (Obamacare) became law.
real	Contrary to popular belief, we actually dont have that many public employeesWe are well below average in the number of public employees.
real	We created 800,000 new jobs, we cut the unemployment rate almost in half and today New York State has more private sector jobs than it has ever had in its history
real	The state of Georgia is near the bottom among states for SAT scores and graduation rates.
real	President-elect Trumps immigration policies are very similar to policies that are sitting right in the Senate and the House today to temporarily suspend immigration from countries that harbor terrorism, to temporarily suspend immigration from Syria until we get better vetting.
real	Twenty-four percent of doctors in Virginia currently dont accept new Medicaid patients because the reimbursement rates are so low.
real	Theres not a single, solitary example that signing the bill to end Glass-Steagall had anything to do with the financial crash.
real	Says 31 percent of Texas physicians accept all new Medicaid patients, down from 67 percent in 2000.
real	Says the Obama Administration has fulfilled all of Texas requests for fire management assisting grants.
real	Ohios lost more jobs in March than any other state in the nation.
real	For the first time in eight years, our budget also increases funding for persons with disabilities by $36 million to help more disabled people receive community-based services.
real	In the past year, DeKalb has attracted and retained more than 2,300 jobs.
fake	It is the Department of Homeland Security's view that returning military veterans and gun owners are likely to commit terrorist acts.
fake	Baseball and insurance are the only industries exempt from antitrust laws.
real	Says Ted Strickland in this campaign bragged about his A-plus rating with the NRA. ... He has said he has a mixed and spotty record on this issue and that he can be criticized for it. Those are his words, not mine. So I dont know where he is on this issue.
real	Half of all Americans have less than $10,000 in their savings account.
fake	Its costing every American who is insured $1,100 to pick up the cost of uncompensated care that goes on at the emergency room.
real	Says some Georgians can get health insurance for $105 a month.
real	Currently, almost 40 percent of people with HIV are not diagnosed until they already have developed AIDS. And that can be up to 10 years after they first are infected with HIV.
real	Democrats have failed to answer the most basic question of how they want to pay for the more than $1 trillion of health care spending.
fake	The DREAM Act the would give amnesty to over two million illegal aliens.
fake	Ive been involved in prosecuting a terrorist member of ISIS.
fake	Says climate scientist James Hansen says we have until perhaps 50 years from now, or maybe a little longer and at that point, we are looking at 10, 20, 30 feet of sea-level rise.
fake	Says Ken Cuccinelli supported a law that could allow people to carry missile launchers into airports.
real	Federal law prohibits the growing of industrial hemp in the United States.
real	In 2010, Mr. [Anthony] Gemma described himself as a pro-life candidate. Now, he claims to be pro-choice.
fake	A North Carolina study proves that probably over a million people voted twice in (the 2012) election.
fake	The Affordable Care Act will likely go down as the biggest tax increase in history.
fake	76 percent of Americans want a public health care option.
fake	Cap-and-trade is wildly unpopular with Americans.
fake	Fully inflating tires is "a step that every expert says would absolutely reduce our oil consumption by 3 to 4 percent."
fake	I dont think Ive ever hired an illegal in my life.
fake	Senate Democrats who left the state for weeks to delay a vote on union bargaining power exercised a Wisconsin filibuster provided by the states constitution.
real	Says Tom Cotton voted to turn Medicare into a voucher system.
fake	Youll find blacks in almost every regiment throughout the South who fought right alongside white Southerners, during the Civil War.
real	Says the 1956 Republican Party platform supported equal pay, the minimum wage, asylum for refugees, protections for unions and more.
fake	Says Obama policies contributed to gas prices rising from $1.89 in January 2009 to $3.51 today.
real	Close to half of the folks in this country illegally entered legally (but) overstayed (their ) visas.
real	Every time [the people from Newport Tent] work in a city or town they have a whole different set of permits that they have to get in order to pitch a tent.
real	The majority of teams (are) now spending their dollars on the offensive side of the football.
fake	1.3-million people in America make their living off eBay.
fake	We in the Democratic Party had no input into the locations of these hearings, nor did we have input into the process.
real	The average student debt coming out of the University of Wisconsin-Madison is something like 28,000 dollars.
real	Says under our current sentencing laws, about 75 percent of all convicted felons in Oregon do not go to prison.
fake	Documents released from the Soviet Union show the Soviet Union started treating President Ronald Reagan more seriously after Reagan fired the air traffic controllers.
real	Says the U.S. Constitution provides for just compensation when land is taken under eminent domain.
real	Firearms homicides are down about 40 percent since Texas passed concealed-gun permit law.
fake	The Republicans still want to privatize (Social Security). In fact, their whole idea is to turn over the Social Security trust fund to Wall Street.
fake	Since President Obama came into office, another 2 million Hispanics have joined the ranks of those in poverty. The number of Hispanic children living in poverty increased by 15 percent in that short period of time.
real	Just a little over 60 percent of your electric bill, my electric bill, 60 percent of that is pass-throughs, whether they be for building of nuclear plants or whatever they may be. A planned nuclear plant repair will only increase that percentage.
fake	I played in a game here against the Pittsburgh Steelers where there was 23 inches of snow. We played in at least 15 inches of that.
real	Obama "wants a windfall profits tax on oil to go along with the new taxes he also plans for coal and natural gas."
real	Says the United States is the Saudi Arabia of coal.
fake	Blue Cross Blue Shield cancelled all their individual (health care) policies in the state of Texas, effective Dec. 31.
fake	Kathleen Peters refuses to take a stand to repeal Obamacare.
fake	Phoenix is the kidnapping capital of the Western Hemisphere.
fake	Did not vote for tax increases as a member of the West Miami City Commission.
real	Between 1980 and 2010, water usage in Georgia dropped even as the states population grew.
real	And he's the only candidate who will fight for a national catastrophe fund to reduce insurance rates.
fake	Senate Bill 5 makes it harder for nurses to give the patients the quality care they need.
fake	Says he stood up to his own party by voting against the budget to stop runaway government spending.
real	Says Donald Trump supported impeachment of President (George W.) Bush.
fake	Our tax code is . . . 80,000 pages.
real	Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on a taxpayer protection pledge.
fake	John McCain has given erratic and inconsistent answers on when troops should return from Iraq.
fake	Oregon is the only state out of the 50 states in the USA that continues to pay 100% of the medical benefits for its employees and their families.
fake	Says that Rep. Betty Sutton would rather riot with Occupy (Wall Street) than stand up for Ohio families.
real	Senator Obama's relatives and friends say he has been talking about running for president for at least the last 15 years, a campaign spokesman said.
fake	McGinty previously told a local community newspaper in her native Philadelphia that she has found an alarming undercurrent of misinformed people in the T part of the state outside of Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.
real	The CBO says that if you raise the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour, half a million people would lose their jobs.
real	We have provided at least 16 tax cuts to small businesses.
fake	Over the last several months, there was a review board headed by two distinguished Americans, Mike Mullen and Tom Pickering, who investigated every element of the Benghazi incident.
real	Tim Kaine reduced higher education funding by 25 percent when he was governor, driving up tuition...
fake	Says he cant release his internal affairs record because there are Attorney General guidelines in place protecting it.
real	Ninety-seven percent of Americans do not receive subsidies for health care under the Affordable Care Act.
fake	Says Jeff Wentworth, bending the rules, has used $211,743.96 in campaign contributions to lease luxury cars.
fake	Ukraine voluntarily gave up its nuclear weapons because the United States of America said it would ensure (its) territorial integrity from Russia.
fake	Planned Parenthood is the only health care that a significant number of women get. About 30 percent of women, thats their health care.
fake	The Senate proposal to restore emergency unemployment benefits for five months was fully paid for.
fake	President Obama has the lowest public approval ratings of any president in modern times.
real	Proposed NClaw for body camera footage gives police broad authority to keep video footage secret even from individuals who are filmed.
fake	Says he didnt have an involvement withnutritional supplement company Mannatech.
fake	Across the board, violent crime in jurisdictions that recognize the Right to Carry is lower than in areas that prevent it.
real	Human trafficking is the third-biggest criminal enterprise in the world.
real	Most of, if not all of, the [DeKalb school construction] projects always came in on or were under budget.
fake	Rhode Islands teen binge drinking rate is double the national average.
fake	Under Hillary Clinton, State Department officials were sending official thank-yous to people who gave to the Clinton Foundation.
real	Oil companies can obtain an acre of public land for less than the price of a Big Mac.
real	(Jeb) Bush, not the State of Florida, decided which private emails to disclose.
real	In 2011, more people were murdered with knives, hands or feet or clubs and hammers than with any type of rifle.
fake	Republican candidate for governor Nathan Deal explicitly voted to fund abortions ...
real	Sixty-four percent of Americans support the Arizona immigration law.
fake	The largest category of people coming into the technical schools in Wisconsin are people with four-year degrees.
fake	Under a new federal regulation, it will cost Pinellas County $31 million to fix a single ditch.
fake	''The leading Democratic candidate once said that the unfettered free market is the most destructive force in modern America.''
real	In the past three years, we have prosecuted or brought more cases on access to public records than in the previous 12 years combined.
fake	Says Mitt Romney was clear that he would not provide government assistance to the U.S. auto companies, even if they went through bankruptcy.
fake	We spent twice as much per capita for health care in this country as the next closest nation.
fake	Women pay 48 percent more for health insurance.
real	Obamas secretary of energy, Dr. Steven Chu, has said publicly he wants us to pay European levels (for gasoline), and that would be $9 or $10 a gallon.
fake	(Jeff) Atwaters busy helping his friends and wasting our tax dollars -- $48 million for a government building so lavish its dubbed the Taj Mahal, $100,000 for a golf musuem, and $110 million to build a private prison to help a big contributor.
real	Barack Obama is "the only candidate who doesn't take a dime from oil company PACs or lobbyists."
real	Says Connie Macks Penny Plan would cut over $200 billion out of Medicare, over $1 trillion out of Social Security. ... $3 trillion out of defense.
fake	Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are negotiating with the United Nations about doing a treaty that will ban the use of firearms.
fake	Says Gov. Scott Walker said no to equal pay for equal work for women.
fake	Of the roughly 15 percent of Americans who dont have health insurance, half of them made more than $50,000 a year.
fake	Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as half a billion to an electric car company that created hundreds of jobs in Finland.
real	Youth unemployment in minority communities is about 40 to 45 percent.
fake	Illegal immigration wasnt a subject that was on anybodys mind until I brought it up at my announcement.
fake	Suntrust Bank cancels account because company sells guns.
real	Says Mitch McConnell pushed the Wall Street bailout through the U.S. Senate and called it the Senate at its finest.
real	When career politician Daniel Webster became speaker of the House, he wasted $32,000 of our money on a spiral staircase for his office.
fake	Says the reasoning behind Portlands high water and sewer rates is all kinds of pet projects unrelated to the core function of the water and sewer bureaus
fake	There hasnt been a Republican in the legislature or the City Council in Providence in over 30 years.
fake	You cant check out a library book without a photo ID.
fake	When Tim Kaine was governor, spending soared, blowing holes in the budget every year.
fake	Says 97 cents of every dollar played represents over $500 million dollars that is returned to Oregonians every year to help support job creation, schools, state parks and watersheds.
fake	The Iraq war has been "our longest war."
real	Our race was the closest U.S. Senate race in Ohio in 36 years -- when Howard Metzenbaum defeated Robert Taft in 1976.
fake	Student loan rates set to double because a Democratic-controlled Congress voted to double them.
real	During the recent global warming summit in Copenhagen, Nancy Pelosi and others stayed at a five-star hotel on a trip costing nearly $10,000 per person.
real	California has the sixth largest economy on planet Earth.
fake	Scientists tell us that we could have a cure in 10 years for Alzheimers were it not for overzealous regulators, excessive taxation and greedy litigators.
real	Here in California, Donald Trump has given $12,000 to Jerry Brown, Gavin Newsom and Kamala Harris.
real	George Bush never suggested that we eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
real	Says the Texas Department of Agriculture seeks to purchase up to 300,000 promotional stress balls.
fake	Alex Sink wants to cut Medicare.
real	Women of childbearing age spend 68 percent more in out-of-pocket health care costs than men.
fake	And the revenue generated by drilling off Virginias coast? $40 million over 10 years.
fake	A government analysis shows under a proposed transportation tax, metro Atlanta will create or support an additional 200,000 new jobs, including jobs that are maintained year over year.
fake	It still had not gotten terrible on the roads by 2 to 3 p.m. Tuesday.
real	Says Bill Clinton and George Bush both say build the Keystone XL.
real	The nine-day deer hunt contributes more than $1.3 billion in revenue to the state of Wisconsin.
real	There are 321,092 public school teachers in Texas. And there are 313,850 non-teachers in our public schools.
fake	Millennials are more pro-life than baby boomers and older Americans.
real	Weve had 11,000 attempts to amend the Constitution since 1789.
real	The U.S. gun homicide rate is 20 times the combined rate of other western nations.
fake	Says 74 percent of small-business people believe that Obamacare is a bad idea.
fake	Charlottes anti-discrimination ordinance would have opened all bathrooms to all sexes at all times if it hadnt been overturned.
real	Since the stimulus package was passed, Ohios lost over 100,000 more jobs.
real	We now actually import more oil than we did before 9/11.
real	Hackers broke into Virginias prescription-drug database (and) ... obtained more than 8.2 million patient records and a total of nearly 36 million prescriptions.
real	Fifty years ago, the average GM employee could pay for a year of a son or daughters college tuition on just two weeks wages.
fake	There have even been Republican congressmen who have said, If you give us more money we dont know where we would even put additional Border Patrol agents.
fake	Says Scott Walker runs a state government that bans employees from talking about climate change.
fake	The Clinton camp was the first to get it out there and try to say there was something untoward about the speech that Melania Trump gave.
fake	The Super Bowl has one of the highest levels of human sex trafficking activity of any event in the country.
real	Says Dan Patrick proposed Arizona-style show-me-your-papers legislation.
fake	Page 92 of the House health care bill "says specifically that people can't purchase private health insurance after a date certain."
real	Nobody has ever escaped from one of our federal 'supermax' prisons.
real	The barber regulation here in Missouri is 10,000 words long.the book of Revelation is (also) 10,000 words long.
real	An amendment inserted by lawmakers into the state budget exempts scientific researchers from all state animal cruelty laws.
real	John McCain said...in December he was surprised there was a subprime mortgage problem.
fake	A filibuster has never really been successfully used against a Supreme Court justice.
real	Says he has never voted for raising taxes.
fake	The music industry is the biggest export from Africa after oil and gas.
fake	Marco Rubio tried to insert $1.5 million for a rowing institute into the state budget.
real	The state of Florida has seen double-digit drops in alcohol use among teens.
fake	After four years of a celebrity president 85% (of recent college grads are) moving back in with their parents.
real	Seventy of Ohios 88 counties now have more than 25 percent of their residents eligible for emergency food.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton erased all of her emails even though they were subject to recall and review by Congress.
fake	Wisconsins new state budget includes a 15 percent increase for road construction and yet weve got local towns tearing up paved roads and replacing them with gravel.
fake	Says Chris Christie vetoed equal pay for women 3 times. He only let the bill pass once it became a damaging campaign issue.
fake	Says Kurt Schrader voted to cut $500 billion from Medicare, threatening thousands of Oregon seniors and their access to their current coverage.
real	Worldwide credit card transactions, the credit card fraud rate is 0.04 percent, compared to almost 8 percent, 9 percent, 10 percent of Medicare fraud.
real	Says the tax code is effectively subsidizing the marketing efforts of fast food and junk food companies by as much as $19 billion over 10 years.
real	The United States death rate is two-and-a-half times higher for those who do not have a high school education.
real	The IRS has been specifically forbidden ... from ever actually pursuing either civil or criminal remedies for people who dont purchase health insurance.
fake	The Wisconsin unemployment rate was higher than the U.S. rate during only three months when Mary Burke was state commerce secretary.
real	In Congress right now, were doing the best job we have ever done in women in the federal legislature, but its still only 19 percent.
fake	I have never lobbied for offshore oil drilling.
fake	The non-profit groupFeeding America is lying when it claimsthat one in five kids is fighting starvation daily in the United States.
fake	Alex Sink funneled three quarters of a million dollars in no-bid contracts to Bank of America.
fake	20 million people could lose their current coverage including our senior citizens who are on Medicare.
fake	The Supreme Courts views are radically out of step with public opinion regarding its decision to legalize same-sex marriage nationwide.
fake	2008: Unions Spent $400 Million to Elect Obama.
real	Says John Bolton supported the Iraq War and said last year thatI still think the decision to overthrow Saddam was correct.
real	Says President Barack Obama came into office very concerned about wiretappings but then he became president of the United States, he got all the briefings (and) he decided the balance is probably pretty appropriately struck.
fake	Barack Obama opposed a bill that would have saved Gianna Jessen's life.
real	The people in Massachusetts like (the state health care plan) by about a 3-1 margin.
fake	Says If you compare the Portland Metro area to the CDCs statewide cavity rates ... the Portland Metro area would actually rank as having the 15th lowest cavity rate in the U.S.
real	There has never been a panther attack in the history of Florida.
fake	The most popular name is no longer John or Steven. Its Jose, Camilo and Maria.
real	Says tenure still exists but its been overhauled for teachers in New Jersey.
fake	Says a Senate resolution would restore $140 in monthly general assistance payments and prevent people from committing crime.
real	George Allen voted for 40,000 earmarks.
fake	The presidents health care proposals will cause most Americans to have their premiums increased, not decreased, and hundreds of millions of people lose their current insurance coverage.
real	U.S. taxpayers paid $71,500 per job created by the stimulus bill.
fake	Says a quote at the top of the redesigned website for the Department of Justice comes from a socialist who wanted to impose global common law.
real	Latinos in Nevada support Educational Savings Accounts, helping more than 450,000 students access better schools. But Catherine Cortez Masto is against it.
real	Wrong precinct rules exacerbate our provisional ballot problems (and) HB 194 does nothing to solve the wrong-precinct problem.
real	Its taken more time to complete the Towpath Trail than it did to build the (Ohio Erie) Canal.
real	An effort to repeal voting-reform legislation would be the first time in Ohio history where a bill has been passed to stop a referendum.
fake	The Democratic health care bill in the House would create 53 new government bureaucracies.
fake	Were practically not allowed to use coal any more. What do we do with our coal? We ship it to China and they spew it in the air.
real	We have the third-lowest minimum wage of developed countries.
real	U.S. unemployment among people ages 16 to 24 is 18.4 percent, which is a 60-year high.
fake	Says U.S. Senate opponent Tommy Thompson favors raising taxes on small businesses.
real	Water transportation is the most fuel efficient, least polluting, safest, and least expensive means of moving cargo.
real	U.S. Rep. Paul Broun has not authored any legislation that has been adopted by Congress.
real	When these [undocumented] students graduate from college, theyre still illegal aliens. They cannot get a job.
real	A family of four can make up to $88,000 a year and still get a subsidy for health insurance under the new federal health care law.
real	When we look at the number of murders in the United States (in) 2009, we had 9,500 people murdered. When we look around the world, we see ... large countries, the U.K., Germany, Japan had 200 or less killed in a year.
fake	Religious groups like Knights of Columbus have been forced to allow same-sex marriage ceremonies in their facilities, against their beliefs.
real	Half of illegal immigrants come on legal visas and then overstay.
real	Large phone companies and their trade association have hired 35 registered lobbyists to influence and pass SB 271 (deregulation legislation).
fake	President Obamas refusal to grant permits for offshore drilling is one reason gasoline prices are soaring.
fake	On oil drilling off Virginias coast.
fake	The financial regulatory bill will kill jobs.
fake	It is senior citizens, not Hispanics, who are the fastest-growing demographic in this country.
real	Virtually no Republican in Washington accepts climate change science.
real	Says he and Bernie Sanders have very similar views on trade
real	Once people become citizens under the DREAM Act and turn 21, they can sponsor their illegal immigrant parents for legalization.
real	We had the Democratic Governors Association and the Obama political machine come into a Republican primary to try and rig the election by spending $1 million against me in the last couple of days.
real	Says Sen. Kay Hagan has missed half of the (Senate Armed Services) Committees hearings in 2014.
real	The right-to-work states have much lower level of unemployment than the union states do.
fake	The McCain campaign is roughly in the position where Vice President Gore was running against President Bush one week before the election of 2000.
fake	The president promised that if he spent money on a stimulus program that unemployment would go to 5.7 percent or 6 percent. Those were his words.
fake	Says no one from the Bush family attended the 2012 Republican National Convention and there was no President Bush at the 2008 convention.
fake	As President George W. Bushs trade representative, Portman failed to address Chinas currency manipulation, which was inflated to as much as 40 percent in 2006.
real	The Dallas Cowboys cant put a sticker on their helmets for the 5 police officers who were killed.
fake	Only three in 10 Texas doctors are currently accepting new Medicaid patients.
real	Georgia residents file the most insurance claims for lightning strikes in the country.
fake	China has made enormous progress in its human rights. That is a fact recognized by all the people in the world.
real	When a Gallup poll asked about presidential candidate characteristics, When they get to the question on, Would you vote for a socialist, it is even less popular than voting for atheists.
real	SaysDonald Trump called pregnant employees an inconvenience.
real	Oil companies are able to sell oil that costs no more to produce today than it did one year ago.
fake	Says Mitt Romney once supported President Obamas health care plan but now opposes it.
fake	Accuses President Barack Obama of making contradictory claims about efforts to kill Osama bin Laden in 2008 and 2011.
real	The Obama administration increased the deportation of illegal immigrants convicted of crimes by 70 percent.
real	Rhode Island spends less than 10 percent of what the average state spends promoting tourism.
fake	Says the University of Wisconsin football program is spending almost all of its Bowl Championship Series payout on a Rose Bowl junket for politically connected officials
real	Since that famous day in February where the governor campaigned with Barack Obama on behalf of the stimulus program, 211,000 Floridians have lost their jobs.
real	I've seen (life) from the factory floor when I was working the graveyard shift ...and I'd be ankle-deep in water at the Murray Ohio bicycle plant where I was running a machine that was so loud I couldn't hear myself yell if I wanted to.
fake	Tom Ganley supports a 23 percent national sales tax that would raise taxes on the middle class while giving a huge tax break to millionaires like himself.
real	A $5-a-night hotel/motel tax thats part of the transportation bill will hurt Georgias convention business by adding extra costs for large groups coming to the state.
fake	Says 13 Texas universities have announced or implemented a $10,000 degree.
real	In New Hampshire, I spent $3 million. Jeb Bush spent $44 million. He came in five, and I came in number one.
fake	Says over 25 percent of the Texas budget funds services to non-U.S. citizens.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton is proposing destroying Medicare for seniors.
fake	Says tax revenue was lower than expected in May and thats basically a clear indication the governors counselors are probably right -- that we are still not out of the woods yet.
fake	Rather than work to secure the border, (Marco Rubio) supported Obamas amnesty plan for illegal immigrants.
fake	From 2010-2014, median household income in Wisconsin has actually gone up 7.4 percent.
real	Their New York casino deal was called rigged and corrupt.
fake	Cover Florida "is available to any Floridian, offering basic coverage for about $150 a month, instead of the typical $600 a month."
fake	Says he will pursue change in federal law to protect employees from extortion from a union because the Supreme Court has ruled that federal prohibitions outlawing extortion usually do not apply to unions.
fake	Bill McCollum "served as a lobbyist whose clients enabled mortgages for illegal immigrants."
fake	Last week, the Supreme Court reversed a century of law that I believe will open the floodgates for special interests including foreign corporations to spend without limit in our elections.
fake	Says Josh Mandel opposed federal loans to the auto industry.
real	The United Nations has conducted 172 successful peacekeeping missions and negotiations.
fake	Says real estate taxes were put in place to pay for Obamacare.
fake	An April 7, 2015 referendum would take the choice of chief justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court away from the people.
fake	Says the Obama administration spent taxpayer dollars on electric cars in Finland (and) windmills in China.
fake	The administration was kicking and screaming all the way with these sanctions being put in place (on Iran).
fake	Turkey is an Arab country.
fake	The wealth gap between blacks and whites in the United States is greater than the black-white wealth gap was in apartheid South Africa.
real	From 1972 until 2011, the number of EPA employees increased by 107 percent while the number of total federal personnel decreased by 15 percent.
real	We closed that plant down. It was a $27 million-dollar plant, operating full steam, and we closed it down.
fake	Says Ronald Reagan got the Saudis to flood the market with cheap oil.
fake	The death penalty is a deterrent that does affect and impact people.
real	North Carolina spends $855 less per student than it did before the Great Recession, and we have one of the lowest per pupil spending levels in the nation.
fake	Under conservative leadership, Congress has reduced the federal deficit by 60 percent nearly $800 billion.
real	Says for the equivalent cost of a single mile of freeway, we have a bike infrastructure.
fake	Obamacare ... will kill jobs across America.
fake	More Americans receive food aid than work in (the) private sector.
fake	The wife of the Ferguson, Mo., police chief said African-Americans in Ferguson are feral and violent.
real	The day President Obama took office, gasoline was $1.79 a gallon.
real	A typical married couple will contribute $119,000 into Medicare but will receive $357,000 in Medicare benefits over their lifetimes.
fake	Janice Hahn hired hard-core gang members with taxpayer money to be gang-intervention specialists. She even helped them get out of jail, so they could rape and kill again.
fake	President Barack Obama has the power to stop deportation for all undocumented immigrants in this country.
fake	Says Donald Trumps conversion to pro-life beliefs are akin to Justin Biebers, who said in the past that abortion was no big deal to him.
real	The rate in which people are working (in Wisconsin) is almost five points higher than it is nationally.
fake	Barnes opposed the creation of the HOPE Scholarship and campaigned against Zell Miller on the issue.
real	Says, I-205, six miles of which runs through my district, already carries more traffic than I-5.
real	Says Greg Abbott has lost in court four times in just the past few days.
fake	On the Cuba embargo
fake	There are more people killed with baseball bats and hammers than are killed with guns.
fake	We would create thousands of jobs in Colorado, if the Keystone Pipeline were to be built.
real	When Republicans last controlled the presidency and Congress, the number of people on food stamps (and) the number of people in low-income housing went through the roof.
real	In 40 years of broadcast, I have never endorsed any candidate.
fake	Says Florida didnt offer special incentives to Deutsche Bank, which announced it will add 300 jobs in Florida.
fake	From 2014 to 2015, Austins murder rate is up a whopping 83 percent.
real	Georgia ranks No. 9 in the rate of women murdered by men.
real	When Deborah took office, the (Sellwood Bridge) project had languished for years, with only $11 million in funds. With her leadership the remaining funding was secured that got the project moving forward.
fake	One-third of the gasoline is purchased by out-of-state people in Virginia
real	As a candidate, President Obama declared that everyone deserves access to reproductive health care that includes abortion, and vowed that this 'right' would be at the heart of his health care reform plan if elected president.
fake	Says the word Dhimmitude is on page 107 of the health care law and means Muslims are specifically exempted from the government mandate to purchase insurance.
fake	Did you know under President Obama family health care premiums have increased $4,154 on the average?
real	The employer mandate affects only 5 percent of businesses in this country.
real	Says new EPA water regulations would force the state to make drainage canals every bit as clean as pristine Florida river systems.
fake	Senate Bill 1070, simply, just mirrors federal law.
real	Says excessive speculation is pushing up oil prices and a recent report estimates it adds 56 cents to every gallon of gasoline siphoned from the pump.
real	The Koch network (is) spending more money (in a Senate race) in Ohio than anywhere else in the country.
fake	Says Dan Sullivan approved a light sentence for a sex offenderwho got out of prison andis now charged with a gruesome murder and sexual assault.
fake	Says state Sens. Greg Evers, Nancy Detert and Charles Dean got a failing grade from conservatives.
fake	The Iran deal says that if any other country tries to undermine (Irans) nuclear program, we have to help them defend themselves against Israel, Egypt, Saudis, our own allies.
real	Says Delta Air Lines has once again broken a promise they made to me and to the people of Memphis.
real	Says a drug test can be performed for just $4 or $5.
real	Under Rick Scott, homeowners are paying higher (home insurance) premiums for less coverage.
real	A state agency wanted to fire an employee who spent four hours per day watching pornography, but the state employment commission reinstated the person.
fake	A recent Department of Labor study guessed Wall Street fees cost a worker 28 percent of the value of your plan over the span of your career.
fake	A company with 20 employees could go out of business because of health care law requirements to buy insurance.
fake	The health care marketplaces have no privacy protections.
real	Mercedes-Benz USA moving its headquarters to Atlanta will create at least 800 jobs.
real	Oregon schools receive millions of dollars per year in federal school lunch assistance and yet they are required to spend that money almost anywhere but Oregon.
fake	President Obama promised families making less than $250,000 a year would not see taxes go up, but Obamacare raises 18 different taxes.
real	Says by rejecting an expansion of Medicaid under the new law, Georgia was depriving 25,000 veterans of health care coverage.
fake	Not one dime gets added to the deficit because of Social Security.
real	SaysLoretta Lynchs nomination has been now sitting there longer than the previous seven attorney general nominees combined.
real	I opposed TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) and have always opposed TPP.
real	Says Marco Rubio has the worst voting record there is today.
real	Most Americans live within 50 miles of a nuclear power plant.
real	You can fill out your tax return in Estonia online in five minutes.
real	TriMet is spending 4.2 million in fed funds to save $168K per year.
real	There really isnt any kind of foreign policy network that is supporting and advising Sen. Sanders.
fake	No Republicans voted for recent hikes in the income tax, payroll tax, capital gains tax, dividend tax and estate tax. These taxes were all passed under Obamacare.
fake	Says Ted Cruzsaid I was in favor in Libya. I never discussed that subject.
real	A 2013 state law would allow the operator of an iron ore mine in northern Wisconsin to fill in pristine streams and ponds with mine waste.
real	Rhode Island has a [inmate] recidivism rate of over 60 percent.
fake	Jeb Bushs plan for Social Security is disastrous for seniors and raises the retirement age to 70.
fake	The signers of the Declaration of Independence were "brave people, most of whom, by the way, were clergymen."
fake	Seventy percent of the people living in abject poverty are women.
real	Almost 1 million children ... have no health insurance in this state.
real	In Massachusetts, Scott Brown pushed for a law to force women considering abortion -- force them -- to look at color photographs of developing fetuses.
fake	Says Hillary Clintons plan is going to raise taxes and even double your taxes.
fake	Of every three dollars in food stamps for the needy, seven dollars in salaries and pensions (go to) the bureaucrats who are supposed to be taking care of the poor.
real	Since the salary for state lawmakers was raised to $79,500, that purchasing power has now been reduced to $53,000.
fake	Emory University students were provided counseling after someone wrote Trump 2016 in chalk on campus.
fake	President Barack Obama spent $5 billion paying Ukrainians to riot and dismantle their democratically elected government.
real	As a student at Occidental College in Los Angeles from 1979 to 1981, there were days where folks couldnt go outside. because of all the pollution in the air.
fake	Every time we raise the minimum wage, the number of jobless people increases.
fake	Republicans have already cut our neighborhood public schools three budgets in a row.
fake	Austin is effectively imposing a ban on barbecue restaurants.
fake	We are looking at 150,000 barrels (of oil) per day less next year, and 200,000 barrels per day less being able to be developed from the gulf the year after because of the moratorium on new drilling enacted by the Obama administration.
real	Says Jeb Bush doesnt believe in a path to citizenship. If he did at one time, he no longer does.
real	John Raeses wife is registered to vote in Florida so she cant even vote for him.
fake	The war spending bill actually spends more money on the International Monetary Fund than on the war.
real	Exporters are using a federal loophole to deceptively sell products made from cat and dog fur to U.S. consumers.
real	Twenty-five states have lower unemployment than Texas which is tied with Mississippi for more minimum-wage jobs than anywhere in the United States.
real	We do not have an overcrowding problem. As a matter of fact, Rhode Island has one of the lowest incarceration rates in the country.
fake	Says 50 million people would lose their health insurance if Obamacare is repealed.
real	Says that as Massachusetts governor, Mitt Romney condemned coal-fired plants, saying they kill people.
fake	Mary Burke wasted 12.5 million dollars on a vacant lot in a move that could cost taxpayers nearly $25 million.
real	Gingrich supported individual health insurance mandates.
fake	There are more oil rigs in operation in the United States than the rest of the world combined.
fake	Steve Southerland did not pay his taxes in 05, 06, 07, 08 or 09.
real	In the U.S., African-Americans continue to be arrested at nearly three and one half times the rate of whites on marijuana charges.
real	Says Amanda Fritz manages less than 5 percent of city operations.
real	TheU.S. economyis three times asbig as Chinas.
real	By spring 2014, parents of 60,000 students in New York state had refused to let them take the Common Core Tests.
real	In first week as governor, Tim Kaine proposed a nearly $4 billion tax increase, $4 billion, including a tax increase on people earning as little as $17,000 a year.
real	McCain sought the political support of minister John Hagee, "who believes Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment for gay rights and called the Catholic Church 'the Antichrist' and a 'false cult.'"
real	In 2006, Donald Trump was hoping for a real estate crash.
real	The average student in Florida, what they actually pay out of pocket at our major universities for tuition is as much or less than what they spend on cellphones.
fake	(Sen. Robert) Gordon cost us money, exempting the Newark sports arena from paying property taxes and sticking us with the bill.
fake	Says after leaving the White House, Hillary Clinton was forced to return an estimated $200,000 in White House china, furniture and artwork that she had stolen.
fake	Bill White spent his city billions of dollars into debt (and) saw crime rates soar while he backed gun control.
fake	Says large majority of Republicans believe Obama is a Muslim and not U.S.-born.
fake	Each vegan spares more than 100 animals every year.
real	Says Central Texas river water sent to downstream rice farmers in 2011 equaled about three years worth of Austins water use.
fake	Defends his vote to push retirement age to 70 by saying he is for a process that would not be fully implemented until around the turn of the century.
fake	Says that when Congressman (Steve) Cohen took office in 2007, the unemployment rate was at 4.8 percent. The unemployment rate in Shelby County has reached 9.7 percent.
real	Donald Trump is against marriage equality. He wants to go back.
real	Adding ethanol to gas raises food costs.
real	By age 65, the average woman will have lost $431,000 throughout her working career was a result of the pay gap.
fake	Common Core is being used by the Obama Administration to turn the Department of Education into what is effectively a national school board.
fake	John McCain wants to privatize Social Security.
fake	Republican leadership took the lead confirming Loretta Lynch as attorney general.
real	Georgia loses millions of dollars of revenue because people go out of state to buy fireworks.
real	Says legislative cuts mean Texas is spending on average $500 less per student.
real	Harry Reid was against (the nuclear option) before he was for it. Mitch McConnell was for it before he was against it. President Obama was against it before he was for it.
real	I have had the challenge during this administration to suspend no less than 37 public officials in about 36 months.
real	Every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined.
real	One out of every three automobile fatalities can be attributed to alcohol.
fake	I did not say that I would not have them [Muslims] in my Cabinet.
fake	The Mitchell Park Domes lose about $1 million-plus every year and the number of people going to the Domes has been going down.
real	The Banking Committee voted a 1,336-page bill "out of committee in 21 minutes with no amendments, with the understanding that before the bill came to the floor, we would reach this bipartisan agreement."
fake	The Capitol Police force is going so far as to use paramilitary equipment in dealing with singing protesters in Madison
fake	The largest low-wage employer is not McDonalds or Walmart but the U.S. government.
real	With the exception of slavery and the Chinese Exclusion Act, our laws have never barred persons from becoming citizens.
real	Over the last six years, the state of Illinois spent about $320 million on illegal immigrants.
real	Wisconsin was the first state to ban public and private sector employment discrimination based on sexual orientation.
fake	Says Texas Senate hopeful Donna Campbell doesnt live in the district shes hoping to win in 2012.
fake	The next state budget will begin with a surplus of over half a billion dollars -- $535 million to be exact.
real	The only segment in the beer market that is growing is the craft beer segment.
real	Charlie Crist allowed college tuition to increase up to 15 percent every year.
real	Says Rick Perry supported a guest worker program to help people who would otherwise be illegal aliens.
fake	The State of Rhode Island has the worst state-funded pension in the country.
fake	The United States has 10,000 IRS agents making sure that you dont take an improper charity deduction, but to fight terrorism, it has less than two dozen people focusing on countering violent extremism at home.
fake	We spend more money on antacids than we do on politics.
fake	Bill OBriens Tea Party legislature tried to repeal kindergarten and compulsory education, defund Planned Parenthood and eliminate insurance coverage for birth control.
fake	Recent census data shows that the average American family spends over $13,000 a year for health care coverage.
fake	An analysis showed that Bernie Sanders would have won the Democratic nomination if it were not for the Super Delegates.
fake	The American people dont want us to raise taxes.
fake	Drinking champagne could help prevent Alzheimers and other forms of dementia.
real	Says Milwaukee County spent over $170,000 in salaries in 2010 for employees to participate in union activities such as collective bargaining.
fake	Said U.S. Rep. Jim Marshall, D-Macon, sent nearly $2 billion overseas to build wind turbines and create jobs, mostly in China
real	Ohios electricity rates are 10 percent below the national average.
fake	Regarding sexual assault against women, Its actually safer not to be in college than it is to be in college.
fake	The top 1 percent of income-earners pay about 40 percent of all taxes into the federal government.
real	The income of the top 1 percent nearly quadrupled from 1979 to 2007, but the typical familys incomes barely budged.
real	Recovery.gov listed congressional districts that "do not exist."
real	The Paris Agreement is by far the largest number of countries ever to sign an international agreement on a single day.
fake	Says Barack Obama is apparently not for vetting people and saying just anybody can come to the United States.
fake	In July 2010 the government said small businesses -- 60 percent -- will lose their health care, 45 percent of big business and a large percentage of individual health.
real	The United States is the only advanced country on Earth that doesnt guarantee paid maternity leave to our workers.
fake	Mr. Trump is self-financing his campaign, so we dont have any donors.
fake	We confer more PhDs each year than any other university in America except Berkeley.
fake	Under current U.S. immigration policy, literally one person with a green card can, in the extreme, bring in more than 270 of his relatives.
fake	The city of Pembroke Pines doesnt have a vote in a plan to build a detention center in Southwest Ranches.
fake	Says potential Democratic opponent Mary Burke implemented the policies of Jim Doyle. Those are the policies that, in his last term, saw the state lose more than 133,000 jobs.
real	The film and TV industry supports more than 24,000 direct jobs and pays local workers more than $1.68 billion in wages in Georgia.
real	Under President Barack Obama,Weve got the lowest labor force participation in over three decades, since 1978.
fake	Gov. Scott Walker is helping pay for the criminal defense of a man accused of boy rape.
fake	Says he got twice as much money from the sale of County Grounds land than Milwaukee County Executive Scott Walker was willing to accept.
real	$100,000 in stimulus funds (were) used for a Martini Bar and Brazilian Steakhouse.
fake	Democrats do not have a plan for extending the Bush tax cuts.
fake	Ken Hodges badly botched this investigation and, as a result, justice wasnt done in this case.
fake	The climate-change agreement between the United States and China requires the Chinese to do nothing at all for 16 years.
real	Every day, a black name resume is 50 percent less likely to get responded to than a white nameresume.
real	Romney would turn Medicare into a voucher program.
fake	In Jeanne Shaheen, New Hampshire has a Senator who was the deciding vote to pass Obamacare.
fake	The EPA wants to hire 230,000 new government regulators that will cost the taxpayer $21 billion.
fake	The price tag amounted to nearly $4,200 for every man, woman and child in the state.
real	One-third of the economic stimulus package was tax cuts.
real	Says Bernie Sanders advocated putting Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel.
fake	Rhode Island didnt ratify the 13th Amendment to the Constitution to pay federal income taxes. So Rhode Island doesnt even have to pay federal income taxes.
fake	The clear majority of Republican voters think that any deficit reduction package should have a balanced approach and should include some revenues.
real	The State of Texas is funding womens health services at historically high levels; they just increased their level another $50 million for the next two years.
fake	Josh Mandel is lying about his own record. The rating of Ohios investment fund has NOT improved.
real	Pinellas County voters elected me as their chief financial officer (and) elected me as (their) governor four years ago.
real	Gov. Lawton Chiles said "if I were to become ... become speaker of the House it would be (his) worst nightmare."
real	According to the most recent report, Wisconsins high school graduation rates are also up again -- to third best in the country.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton said the Veterans Affairs scandal is over-exaggerated. She said she was satisfied with what was going on.
real	The Baucus health care bill would require taxes on medical devices such as X-ray machines, female condoms, HIV tests and surgical needles.
fake	You dont know if this (the H1N1 vaccine) is gonna cause neurological damage like it did in the 1970s.
real	Says about 25 Texas cities and 39 states have banned texting while driving.
fake	Weve caught Iran cheating on the interim (nuclear) deal.
fake	Minnesotas advantage in economic growth has been having Republicans in charge of at least one part of government for all but two years, while Wisconsin Democrats for many years before 2011 controlled both legislative chambers and the governorship.
real	Last year, 244 suspected terrorists walked into gun shops and attempted to purchase a firearm; 223 were able to get the firearm.
real	Just days ago, Irans Supreme Leader (Ali) Khamenei, who will oversee implementation of this agreement, was calling Israel a rabid dog and accusing the United States of war crimes.
fake	Hillary Clinton surged the trade deficit with China 40% as Secretary of State, costing Americans millions of jobs.
fake	Says former U.S. Rep. Carol Shea-Porter refused to host town hall meetings during her time in Congress.
fake	Allowing all Bush income tax cuts to expire on Dec. 31 will amount to the largest tax increase in the history of America.
real	The oddest thing is he doesn't want to do for America what he did for Massachusetts. He did mandate health care for Massachusetts, which is HillaryCare, and he doesn't want to do that for America.
fake	The federal health care plan "costs Texas taxpayers $2.4 billion per year."
fake	The unemployment rate may be as high as 42 percent.
real	African-Americans are more likely to be arrested by police and sentenced to longer prison terms for doing the same thing that whites do.
fake	Health insurance companies pay CEOs $24 million a year
real	14,000 Americans . . . lose their health insurance every single day.
fake	Under Obamacare, people who have a doctor theyve been seeing for the last 15 or 20 years, they wont be able to keep going to that doctor.
real	This week the House of Representatives voted to remove the word lunatic from federal law.
fake	A bill that could restrict free speech when the president is nearby was signed by President Barack Obama in secret.
real	Says Jeb Bush oversaw (an) average in-state tuition increase of 48.2 percent during his tenure.
real	For NATO exercises, we dont have enough of our own hardware and equipment even for training purposes. So the Britsare spotting us choppers.
fake	When undocumented children are picked up at the border and told to appear later in court ... 90 percent do not then show up.
fake	Franklin Roosevelt never allocated more than 12 percent of GDP to federal spending, while the percentage for Barack Obama is not projected to drop below 22.8 percent.
fake	David Simpson actually voted for drivers licenses for illegal immigrants.
fake	Gas prices have gone up 99 percent since Obama became president, the highest gas price increase since Carter.
fake	Says I worked with our Mayor and other commissioners to help save the school year when a budget crisis in Salem threatened to cut four weeks of the school year, including negotiating with teachers to work for free.
fake	The crime rate in some Atlanta neighborhoods has dropped by 35 to 51 percent.
real	Road congestion costs rush hour drivers in Austin and Dallas more than $1,000 a year. And in Houston, its even more -- almost $1,500 a year.
real	Huckabee "granted 1,033 pardons and commutations . . . more clemencies than the previous three governors combined."
real	John McCain's top foreign policy adviser lobbied for... the Republic of Georgia, and McCain has mirrored the position advocated by the government.
real	The city of Columbus would save $41 million a year if employees had to contribute to their own, guaranteed-check pensions.
real	ISISsends out 90,000 social (media)messages a day.
real	Says Hillary Clinton said she was under attack (in Bosnia) but the attack turned out to be young girls handing her flowers.
real	She flunked the D.C. bar exam.
fake	Says Marco Rubio sold a home to a chiropractor who had been lobbying him on automobile insurance legislation and once he sold the home, for $380,000 cash, the speakers position on the issue changed.
real	Uber and other ride-share firms are not required to carry auto insurance under Georgia law.
real	More than 1 million Texans live without affordable health care because Rick Perry failed to partner with the Legislature to find a Texas solution to closing the coverage gap.
fake	Obama "supports hate-crimes expansion ... potentially putting churches at risk if they preach the truth about homosexuality."
fake	The latest evidence of Republican success is that since the beginning of the current legislative term, state unemployment has gone down almost 20% to 5% adjusted.
fake	John Holdren, director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, has proposed forcing abortions and putting sterilants in the drinking water to control population.
fake	According to the state of Florida, you are almost twice as likely to be attacked by an alligator than by someone who happens to carry a conceal-and-carry permit.
fake	Says Barack Obama broke a decades-old policy of not negotiating with terrorists.
real	I opposed this war from the beginning. I opposed the war in 2002. I opposed the war in 2003. I opposed it in 2004 and 2005 and 2006.
fake	Says Vladimir Putin said, President Obama and his fellow Democrats are either idiots or deliberately trying to destroy their own economy.
real	If you are going to kill the families of terrorists, realize that theres something called the Geneva Convention were going to have to pull out of.
fake	The downsizing of Pinellas County government resulted in about 1,200 people being laid off in a 12 percent unemployment market. I can tell you that every one of them was hired from the time that Ms. Latvala went into office in 2000.
fake	Says he hasnt changed his view on abortion restrictions.
fake	A law was passed, apparently in the Clinton administration, about whether, in recruiting offices Marines or other military should be able to have guns. Apparently it is prohibited.
real	Sharron Angle voted to protect sex offenders.
fake	Says unemployment in Ohio is significantly higher than the unemployment rate in states which are not forced union states and its always been that way.
real	Says the Obama administration never responded to his 2012 letter flagging the uptick in unaccompanied children crossing the U.S.-Mexico border.
fake	On the question on the DREAM Act, no -- no to granting lower tuition to illegals.
real	The average fast food worker is 29, and most fast food workers are on some form of public assistance.
real	The House of Representatives does not have a prochoice majority.
real	The only time over the last 25 years when the states unemployment rate exceeded the U.S. average was when (Mary) Burke was commerce secretary.
real	Repeal of Obamacare would take away health care for 10.3 million Americans who have received coverage since Oct. 1, 2013.
fake	Says Reps. Rush Holt, Frank Pallone and Bill Pascrell are willing to jeopardize seniors access to coverage by gutting $741 billion from Medicare to pay for a big-government healthcare takeover.
fake	How is a misogynist bigot of epic proportions (like U.S. Rep. Steven Smith) allowed to serve?
fake	Floridas regulations on the payday lending industry are stronger than almost any other state.
real	Says carbon monoxide is still employed to euthanize dogs and cats in 29 Texas animal shelters.
fake	Says he has exposed plans by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker to push legislation that would allow the state to declare financial martial law and take over municipal governments.
real	As weve seen that federal support for states diminish, youve seen the biggest job losses in the public sector -- teachers, police officers, firefighters losing their jobs.
real	Says he was the only statewide elected official to speak in favor of a federal guest worker plan at the 2012 Republican Party of Texas convention.
fake	About 1 in 10 public school teachers in Wisconsin would have been laid off without federal stimulus funds.
fake	Says Bill White profiteered in the aftermath of Hurricane Rita.
fake	And while (Ted) Strickland proposed cuts for services for children, he wasted over $250,000 remodeling his bathrooms at the governors mansion.
real	Says Mitt Romney opposes requiring employers to cover contraception and would eliminate funding for Planned Parenthood.
fake	Says Common Core is a federal mandate.
fake	Harry Reid voted to use taxpayer dollars to pay for Viagra for convicted child molesters and sex offenders.
fake	A poll taken a few months ago found 70 percent approval or higher for the Act 10 collective bargaining law.
fake	Says House Democrats voted to use your tax dollars for abortions by voting against bill defunding Planned Parenthood.
real	Our economy still has three people looking for every job (opening).
real	Twenty percent of our electricity currently comes from nuclear power plants. I think there are 104 in the United States, two of them around the coast in California.
real	Says Joe Biden said Jon Corzine is the smartest guy that I know, in terms of the economy and on finance, I really mean this.
fake	If you took every penny of the 1 percent, including their dog, you wouldnt even begin to balance the budget.
real	When I started in Ohio it was terrible. Now, were getting bipartisan support for our bills. And thats called leadership.
fake	Virginia state employees pay nothing toward their pensions.
real	(Flint, Mich., is) paying three times more for poison water than I am paying in Burlington, Vt., for clean water.
fake	In 2013, the United States accepted 67 percent of the worlds refugees.
real	The governors budget proposal reduces the state austerity cut to education to under $500 million for 2016.
real	Roughly 500,000 Georgians -- or about 5 percent of the states residents -- have gone through a background check to legally obtain a Georgia weapons carry license.
real	As governor of Florida I defunded Planned Parenthood.
real	Says GOP primary opponents Glenn Grothman and Joe Leibham cast a compromise vote that cost $788 million in higher electricity costs.
real	Almost 88,000 United States service members are still missing and unaccounted for, dating back to World War II.
fake	John Cornyn voted twice in 2013 to back Obamas amnesty plan.
real	Clinton said great things about NAFTA until she started running for president.
real	Says nearly 29,000 Oregonians almost 5 percent of all homeowners are 90 days or more delinquent on their mortgage.
real	Mercedes said high taxes and the cost of doing business in New Jersey worked to Georgias advantage in landing the companys USA corporate headquarters.
real	A black male baby born today, if we do not change the system, stands a one-in-three chance (of) ending up in jail.
fake	The Obama administration supported Muslim allies trying to establish a new international blasphemy standard.
fake	Barack Hussein Obama will .. force Christian organizations to pay for abortions.
fake	Americas tax code hasnt been updated in 30 years.
real	The governor is trying to take credit for recent actions taken by these companies. The problem is that for all three companies, the decision to move or stay in New Jersey happened before Chris Christie became governor.
real	Every new Republican member of the U.S. Senate said they will vote to repeal and replace Obamacare.
real	Since 2009, after-tax incomes are up nearly 14 percent.
fake	Says that when San Francisco banned plastic grocery bags, you saw the number of instances of people going to the ER with things like salmonella and other related illnesses spike.
real	Says his views on reparations for slavery are the same as Barack Obamas and Hillary Clintons.
fake	Financed the largest parking expansion program without a rate increase.
fake	Congress is on a five-week vacation.
fake	Donald Trump Protester Speaks Out: I Was Paid $3,500 To Protest Trumps Rally.
real	Canadian middle class incomes are now higher than in the United States. They are working fewer hours for more pay, living longer on average, and facing less income inequality.
fake	Rural schools enroll 40 percent of American children, but receive only 22 percent of federal education funding.
real	Three in four low-income workers dont have any paid sick days available.
fake	Says the national heath care reform is a government takeover of health care.
real	Former Gov. Rick Perry signed a law that a federal court said was actually written with the purpose of discriminating against minority voters.
fake	Says Ron Wyden spent $2 million to study exotic ants.
real	Says the number of Americans living at or below the poverty line is at its highest level since 1964.
fake	Says that with President Obamas re-election, state and federal income tax rates for some taxpayers will rise to roughly 65 percent.
fake	White men account for 69 percent of those arrested for violent crimes.
fake	McCollum admitted he didn't think that the subprime mortgage crisis was a big deal, telling reporters he thought that the subprime collapse had been exaggerated by the media and investors and that 'it's not the end of the world.'
real	This (SCHIP) is socialized medicine. It is going to go to families that make $60,000 a year. Those aren't poor children.
real	\u201CThirty-four percent of Hispanics don\u2019t have any health care at all, don\u2019t have any health insurance.\u201D
real	The oceans have become 30 percent more acidic.
fake	Pregnant women who stand for five to six hours at a time increase their risk of pre-term pregnancy by 80 percent.
real	Virginia spends $400,000 on abstinence programs while losing $2.5 million in federal funds due to Gov. Bob McDonnells political agenda.
fake	A proposed U.S. Labor Department rule for children working on farms would even ban youth from operating a battery-powered screwdriver or a pressurized garden hose.
real	When students leave our high schools and they go to the community college, 70-75 percent of them have to pay to take remedial math.
fake	Says Patrick Murphy switched his vote on All Aboard Florida ... because his father tried to get in a bid to build it and was unsuccessful.
fake	Says he fought for the repeal of a septic tank inspection program after Tallahassee pulled a fast one.
real	Says Republican U.S. Senate candidate Ted Cruz opposes the DREAM Act, which is supported by 85% of Latinos.
fake	Obama said he would "stand with the Muslims should the political winds shift in an ugly direction."
fake	The health care law imposes a federal mandate requiring middle-class Americans to buy health insurance whether they can afford it or not.
fake	Children are crossing the border because President Barack Obama said if you come, youre going to be able to stay, because were not going to enforce the law.
real	Says GOP Senate nominee Darryl Glenn said he wants to see Ted Cruz appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court.
fake	Says state Sen. Alberta Darling is allowing mercury to harm our children because she voted against an electronics recycling bill.
real	If it is enacted, the Senate immigration bill is going to make the Border Patrol bigger than the FBI -- you could put one agent every 250 feet.
fake	The current debate over authorizing military action against the Islamic State would be the first time Congress would place limits on the commander-in-chiefs ability to be commander-in-chief.
real	Says Donald Trump mocked someone with a disability.
fake	The IRS will have the ability potentially to deny or delay health care.
fake	For a young man or woman who is entering the ninth grade in Newark this year, they have a 29 percent graduation rate.
fake	Barack Obama wrote a thesis at Columbia University in which he criticized "plutocratic thugs" and said the Constitution gave Americans "the shackles of hypocrisy."
fake	We have solved the problem. ... Scientists are now saying leave the nuclear waste where it is.
real	If upstate New York split from downstate the economic indicators of upstate New York would be among the lowest in the country.
real	Rick Perry attempted to fast-track unnecessary coal-fired power plants, which degrade air quality and would cost billions. Fortunately, a court stopped him.
real	A small business in my district needed 31 different permits and fees just to be able to expand.
fake	Says Virginia economic development officials decided they didnt want to bid on his companys electric automobile plant.
real	Says Donald Trump has bankrupt four separate businesses.
real	A part-time Congress with half the pay would still make $38,000 a year more than the average American family.
fake	Says Donald Trump has been talking about the option of using a nuclear weapon against our Western European allies.
real	Thirty-four of the last 44 (debt ceiling increases) have been for less than a year. So, this notion that short-term is somehow the exception, its actually the rule.
fake	A proposed revenue smart cap gives Floridians a voice, requiring a 60 percent vote by citizens in order to impose a new tax, fee, license, fine, charge or assessment.
real	Bill McCollum voted four times to raise his own pay, by a total of $51,000, and earns a congressional pension worth more than $75,000 a year.
real	A bill delaying the start of classes until Labor Day would permit school districts to shave 5 full weeks off the school year.
real	Of the 18 stadiums built from 2004 to 2013, 47 percent of the total cost came from public sources.
fake	Without representation, (the IRS) can increase taxes.
fake	The elimination of essentially every automobile would be offset by one volcano exploding.
real	Only 18 percent of jobs are accessible by transit for metro Atlanta residents. 33 percent for those living in the city.
real	We borrow a million dollars every minute.
fake	The Democratic health care plan is a "government takeover of nearly 20 percent of our economy."
real	Says members of the military have sent him more campaign contributions than theyve sent President Barack Obama and more than twice what theyve sent other Republican presidential candidates.
fake	Today and every day, an estimated 14,000 Americans will lose their health insurance coverage.
real	Says about NSA data collection: Every member in both parties who served on the Intelligence Committee voted in favor of this.
real	Says because of his actions, Wisconsin property taxes today are lower than they were four years ago.
fake	Barack Obama "rejects everyone white, including his mother and his grandparents."
real	The average family not in the top 10 percent makes less money today than they were making a generation ago.
fake	We have asked public employees to pay 10 percent of the costs of their guaranteed pension and 15 percent of the cost of their health care. ... The leadership of those public employees unions dont want to pay anything.
fake	The state of Ohio has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the nation right now and is leading the pack in terms of job creation.
real	Austins the fastest-growing city in the country the last five years.
fake	Our credit rating went up since Ive been in office.
real	Over the past twenty years, the number of homicides committed with a firearm in the United States has decreased by nearly 40 percent. The number of other crimes involving the use of a firearm has also plummeted, declining by nearly 70 percent.
fake	Says Democratic legislators this year dont want to cut your taxes under any circumstances.
fake	An aide acted on his own and was not representing the Thompson campaign when he sent an email criticizing the sexual orientation of U.S. Senate candidate Tammy Baldwin.
fake	Under Scott Walker, Wisconsin moved from 16th to third in percentage of people with student loan debt.
real	Twenty-three million Americans suffer from addiction, but only 1 in 10 get treatment.
fake	Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on dividends, a move that would crash the stock market.
fake	Says Freddie Mac, electric co-ops and credit unions are all government sponsored enterprises.
real	Says North Carolina is home of the largest military installations in the world.
real	New Jersey loses net, that is minus those who come into the state, 30,000 students a year.
real	Both the Democratic and Republican candidates for president in 2016 are quite unpopular.
real	Says Richard Burr was one of only three senators who voted against a ban on insider trading for members of Congress. And he called that vote brave.
real	Ninety percent of the job growth in Virginia has been in the private sector.
fake	After Russia went to war with Georgia in 2008, the U.S. sent a very strong message to Vladimir Putin by sending warships to the Black Sea and airlifting combat troops that Georgia had in Afghanistan back to Georgia.
real	Says Donald Trump thinks stop-and-frisk is fine.
fake	Sen. Barbara Boxer voted against immigration reform to permit (Hispanic immigrants) people to come here legally to work.
fake	Says students who receive free or reduced lunch are performing just as well as students who do not.
real	Individuals and small businesses will be hit by increases in health insurance premiums as high as 39 percent.
real	Right now, American oil production is the highest that its been in eight years.
real	Household incomes are down more than $4,000 since the year 2000.
real	Says Texas has the 15th largest economy in the world.
fake	Since January 2015, the majority of our Austin City Council meetings have extended past 10 p.m. and many of our meetings have gone past midnight.
fake	At least 10 ISIS fighters have been caught coming across the Mexican border in Texas and there are dozens more that did not get caught by the Border Patrol.
fake	Speaker Pelosi ... has been busy sticking the taxpayer with her $100,000 bar tab for alcohol on the military jets that shes flying.
real	Says that President Obama said in 2008 that his proposed greenhouse gas regulations will bankrupt anyone who wants to build a new coal-fired power plant.
real	The U.S. has the highest unintended pregnancy rate of any Western industrialized country.
real	Says local Texas chambers of commerce were granted exemptions from paying property taxes on their headquarter properties.
real	Weve now gained private sector jobs 12 months in a row.
real	And, as of today, New Jersey state government has less employees than when Christie Whitman left office in 2001.
fake	Not one Republican has the guts to recognize that climate change is real.
fake	Says the federal government restricts how much salt we can put on our food.
fake	Heroin and prescription opioids are the number one cause of accidental or preventable death in Wisconsin.
fake	Says Gov. Rick Scott cut more government jobs than were created in the private sector in Florida in 2012.
fake	Nearly 25 percent of all automobile accidents are caused by texting while driving.
fake	The left is blatantly attempting to disrupt Georgias elections.
fake	In countries that allow gay marriage, the rates of heterosexual marriage "have plummeted to where you have counties now in northern Europe where 80 percent of the first-born children are born out of wedlock."
real	In some communities, for $10,000 worth of (PIP) coverage its $1,500 a year.
real	The nuclear test conducted in our nation this time is the Earth's 2,054th nuclear test. The five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council have conducted 99.99 percent of the total nuclear tests.
real	Because of the new health care law, 2.5 million young adults now have coverage.
real	This census is also the shortest and least intrusive count in modern history.
fake	There is a Republican plan to end Medicare.
real	Says Hillary Clinton wants sanctuary cities.
fake	Casey Weinstein: No faith in our military ... When some of our cadets wanted to watch a religious film, Casey Weinstein sued the U.S. military. Sued our soldiers?
fake	When I took office in 2003, we had very little reserves.
fake	SaysSenate Republicans are following a longstanding tradition of not filling vacancies on the Supreme Court in the middle of a presidential election year.
fake	As Milwaukee County executive, Scott Walker eliminated the waiting list for long-term care for older adults through the Family Care program.
real	A test last month at the MAX station at 162nd Avenue and East Burnside saw crime down 41 percent compared with December 2009
fake	The health care law is job killing.
fake	We now know these firms areunwilling to put up any private money, for Californias high-speed rail project.
real	Florida is one of only three states that require licenses for commercial interior designers.
fake	Says Gov. Scott Walker has dropped Wisconsin to 45th in the nation in job growth prospects while campaigning for president out of state.
real	Tourism accounts for 439,000 jobs in the state of Ohio, and visitors spend $36 billion annually.
fake	Patrick Murphy voted for Obamacare in 2010, yet he reversed himself and voted to delay the employer mandate and the individual mandate.
real	Says Donald Trumpsfoundation took money other people gave to his charity and then bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself.
real	In Ferguson, Mo.,youve got threeblack officers and 50 white officers with a town that is 67 percent African-American.
real	Says Mitt Romney has flip-flopped on abortion rights.
fake	State pension fund staffers lost billions. Then Sink gave them bonuses.
fake	The alternative to higher state worker pension and health care payments is to look at 1,500 layoffs of state employees or close to 200,000 children who would be bumped off Medicaid-related programs.
fake	Every other democracy in the world has a health care system that covers everybody, and we don't.
real	In 2015 roughly 10,000 political arrests occurred in Cuba. That is five times as many as occurred in 2010, when there were only about 2,000.
fake	In Oregon, 12,808 people were arrested for marijuana-related crimes in 2012.
real	Barack Obama's church gave a lifetime achievement award to Louis Farrakhan.
real	Says Mitt Romney wants to add $2 trillion to defense budget that the military hasnt asked for.
fake	Says the Congressional Budget Office said if youre going to buy your own policy with these (health care) exchanges youll be paying 10 percent more ... about $2,100 more for a family.
real	Florida has the third most-regressive tax structure.
real	From 1947 to 1979, family incomes for rich, middle-income and poor Americans grew about the same rate. But since 1979, incomes for rich families have grown much faster.
fake	Says he has engaged in the political process only in the past decade.
fake	Ed Perlmutter voted for Viagra for rapists paid for with tax dollars.
real	Of all cities in the United States with more than 100,000 people, Providence is the 183rd safest.
fake	The Senate voted this week to allow illegal aliens access to Social Security benefits.
fake	Says drug dealers have overdosed on purpose to avoid prosecution.
fake	Says George Flinn has been a no show at scheduled forums.
fake	The decision to cancel the trademark of the Washington Redskins is not the Patent and Trademark Office. This is Barack Obama.
fake	A bill supported by Gov. Scott Walker makes it so that drunk drivers who kill have an easier time of it.
real	Florida Democrats put my Social Security number and my wifes Employment Identification Number in a mail piece.
real	Says Colorado congressional candidate Morgan Carroll voted to allow welfare recipients to use your tax dollars at ATMs at strip clubs and pot dispensaries.
real	Then-Sen. Barack Obama refused to raise the debt ceiling because he said President Bush had failed in leadership.
real	The most private question on this years form asks for an individuals race, and that question has been asked by every census since the 1790 census conducted under then-President George Washington.
fake	Oil companies "haven't touched" 68 million acres where they already have rights to drill.
fake	Increasing the min. wage to $15 an hour would reduce spending on food stamps, public housing and other programs by over $7.6 billion a year.
fake	On the president unilaterally authorizing a military attack that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton wants to raise taxes on African-American owned businesses to as much as nearly 50 percent more than theyre paying now.
real	Israels per capita income is greater than probably three-fourths of the rest of the world.
fake	Pentagon confirms they may court martial soldiers who hold Christian faith.
fake	U.S. Reps. Eric Cantor and Luis Gutierrez were touring the country last year joined at the hip, working together in a bipartisan fashion indeed for the goal of immigration reform.
real	When you get a commercial pilots license, you learn to communicate in English no matter where you are in the world.
fake	Says property insurance rates are going up because Rick Scott signed a bill preventing the state from regulating insurance.
fake	Says President Obama promised hed keep unemployment below 8 percent if the stimulus passed.
fake	The Democrats are very sly. (in New Hampshire) we have same day voter registration, and to be honest, when Massachusetts elections are not very close, theyre busing them in all over the place.
fake	Says If Oregons Legislature simply authorizes $450 million for the CRC, it will leave Oregon holding the bag for a great deal more cost responsibility.
fake	The Koch brothers alone gave twice as much money to Scott Walker as the total amount of money raised by Tom Barrett.
real	Rhode Islands legislature is the strongest in the country.
real	Theres 21 congressmen and senators that have been convicted of felonies that still get their retirement, even in jail. They dont have to wait until theyre 65.
fake	Were the most highly taxed nation in the world.
fake	Says Tammy Baldwin had the opportunity to vote to honor the victims of 9/11 and she voted against it.
real	Vern Buchanan. His old business was caught illegally funneling over $60,000 in campaign donations to Buchanan to influence his election.
real	Says Mitt Romney wants to end tax credits for wind producers.
real	More than three women per day lose their lives at the hands of their partners.
real	In Rhode Island, 28 percent of adults released from state prisons are re-incarcerated within a year.
real	The U.S. ranks 37th in the world for health care.
real	While 38 percent of (firearms) dealers that were inspected in 2011 were noncompliant with federal law, only 0.05 percent of inspected dealers had their licenses revoked.
fake	Says the Department of Defense changed its definitions of al-Qaeda and the Taliban making it so almost anybody can be loosely associated with the groups.
fake	Abortion is the second-most conducted surgical procedure in this country.
real	Here in Pennsylvania, the annual cost for infant childcare is over $10,000 per child, which is more than most families pay in rent and almost the same cost as in-state college tuition.
real	He's sued gun manufacturers. He was supportive of Brady. He was supportive of things like assault weapon bans.
fake	Says Democratic recall opponent Shelly Moore opposes any limit on taxes.
real	Eighty-seven percent of private insurance plans currently include (abortion) coverage.
fake	Fidel Castro endorses Obama.
real	For the average middle-class family, your taxes today are lower than when I took office.
fake	John McCain offers "billions in tax breaks for oil and drug companies, but almost nothing for families like yours."
real	The last time Republican U.S. Senate candidates beat more than two (incumbents) was 1980.
fake	Says Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Russ Feingold voted over 250 times to raise taxes.
fake	The National Rifle Association was founded by religious leaders who wanted to protect freed slaves from the Ku Klux Klan.
real	Oregon families pay an extra $1,400 a year on higher insurance premiums to cover those who do not have insurance.
real	Today in America, we have more people in jail than any other country on Earth.
real	Newt Gingrich was fined $300,000 for ethics violations.
real	The Clinton Foundation is a charity where President and Secretary Clinton and their daughter, they take no salary, they get no money from it, they take no personal benefit from it.
fake	Says Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood will force you to stop using your cell phone while driving.
real	More people are apprehended after illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border a week than are born in Texas each week.
real	U.S. Embassy Celebrates Americas Independence on June 4th in Order to Accommodate Muslims.
real	Says Rick Perry provided in-state tuition... for illegal immigrants.
fake	When Georgia tightened its voter identification laws, the state sent a van and photographer to the homes of people who needed photo IDs and made them for free.
real	The extra point is almost automatic. (The NFL) had five missed extra points this year out of 1,200 some odd attempts.
fake	A study says Massachusetts has lost 18,000 jobs because residents were required to obtain health insurance under an act signed into law by Mitt Romney.
fake	On signing a no-tax pledge
fake	Its coming. Nobody can stop this train.
real	One out of every four homeless people on our streets is a veteran.
real	Cranstons 2014-2015 budget funds 100 percent of the local police and fire pension and other retiree benefit costs.
fake	Says when Rhode Island Lottery was proposed, state residents were enticed to vote for it with the promise that the money would be used for education.
fake	This is the slowest job recovery since Hoover.
fake	Says Austin Mayor Steve Adlers transportation plans linked to Proposition 1 on the ballot remove 27+ miles of traffic lanes around the city, replacing them with lanes dedicated to usage by bicycles and buses.
fake	Cancer and matters to do with kidney failure kill more people in Kenya today than malaria, tuberculosis and AIDS combined.
fake	Says his hometown of Paint Creek, Texas, doesnt even have a ZIP code.
real	In three years we could find close to 50 million gallons per day through a toilet replacement program.
real	Our pension system is the only one in the country thats 100 percent funded.
fake	A bill to aid state and local governments is fully paid-for by closing costly corporate tax loopholes.
fake	Says a Sanders campaign ad never said ... a newspaper endorsed us that did not.
fake	Says President Obamas decision to not issue a permit for the Keystone XL pipeline meant we were denied the ability immediately to reduce prices at the pump.
real	Fox News uses photo of a married couple promoting traditional marriage and the photo is actually of a same-sex couple.
fake	Says that under President Barack Obamas health care law, your insurance premiums could go up by 200 percent and cost as much as a new Explorer.
fake	The fact is that although we have had a president who is opposed to abortion over the last eight years, abortions have not gone down.'' abortion barack-obama President Illinois democrat 70 71 160 163 9 a TV interview with megachurch pastor Rick Warren in Lake Forest, Calif.
fake	Sen. Obama wants to "enact the single largest tax increase since the Second World War."
fake	Says Marco Rubio didnt show up for a vote on his own bill on sanctions against Hezbollah.
real	The Obama administration is allowing state waivers from welfare work requirements only if they had a credible plan to increase employment by 20 percent.
real	There are more African American men in prison, jail, on probation or parole than were enslaved in 1850.
fake	The nearly six-year delay in approving Keystone is costing Americans more than 100,000 jobs.
fake	We know from ... the federal data, that they only stop or apprehend one out of four illegal people crossing our border.
fake	Says Mitt Romney backed a bill that outlaws all abortions, even in cases of rape and incest.
fake	Scott Walker has given a $10,000 tax deduction to millionaires who send their kids to exclusive private schools.
fake	Saysthe State Department has had half a year to respond to a Benghazi document request, yet I have not gotten a single, solitary scrap of paper.
real	Our economy (in Louisiana) has grown 50 percent faster than the national GDP, even since the national recession.
fake	Says Democrats first proposed prohibiting the government from negotiating prices for prescription drugs in Medicare Part D and he had nothing to do with that provision in the law.
fake	When the Milwaukee County mental health facility is full, cops sit out there in their squad cars with a mentally ill patient and sometimes spend an entire shift out there doing that.
fake	For every one job created under the Obama administration, 75 people went on food stamps.
real	Says Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
fake	I dont know who (Jonathan Gruber) is.
fake	I was totally against the war in Iraq.
fake	Says Obama puts 15 unelected, unaccountable bureaucrats in charge of Medicare, who are required to cut Medicare ... that will lead to denied care for current seniors.
fake	Greg Abbott said it would be a waste to expand pre-k to all Texas children.
real	Texas is experiencing the fastest population growth in the country, adding more than 1,000 people a day.
fake	The Obama administration has even joined Islamist governments in sponsoring a U.N. resolution that would shred our First Amendment by threatening to make discussion of radical Islamism potentially illegal.
real	It (Georgia) was one of the earliest Christian nations. The king of then-Georgia in the third century converted to Christianity.
real	A gas tax holiday "would at best provide 30 cents a day for three months for a grand total of $28."
real	Former business partner Robert Gay says: The man who helped save my daughter was Mitt Romney.
real	Last year, (Bill McCollum) spent more than $2.2 million dollars to produce and air campaign-style TV ads where you were featured in almost every frame.
real	Washington has incentivized the militarization of local police precincts.
fake	In the last three years alone, 13 times, the Supreme Court, unanimously, 9-0, including all of the presidents liberal picks, have struck down the presidents executive orders.
real	The state budget will include scholarship money for minority students as a concession to Senate Democrats for supporting the GOP-initiated transportation bill.
real	Al Sharpton went to Ferguson, Mo., and is declaring as a matter of fact that ...Michael Brown didnt use any deadly force or posed no deadly threat to the officer.
real	By registration fewer than 20 percent of Florida voters are Independents.
fake	The Justice Departments Fast and Furious gun-walking program started in the Bush administration.
real	While the sequester is in effect, the federal government is still funding a study on duck penises.
real	Says Rob Portman said the auto rescue was a lousy deal for Ohio.
real	Says abortions are decreasing.
fake	Says Vice President Joe Biden "admits that the American people are being scammed" with the economic stimulus package.
fake	Georgia is the Saudi Arabia of pine trees.
fake	Rhode Island has the highest percentage of lawyers per capita in the country.
real	Among Hispanics, support for immigration reform is close to universal.
real	Young women, account for a shocking 74% of all new HIV infections among adolescents in Africa.
fake	According to a government supplier of emergency products, the Disaster Assistance Response Team was told to be prepared to be activated in the month of October for an outbreak of Ebola.
fake	Says Milwaukee County elected officials drive around in luxury cars on your dime.
fake	Joe Sestak ... even wants to bring back the death tax, letting the IRS take half of your savings when you die.
real	President Obama has stopped using the phrase war on terror.
real	Since 1970, the Clean Air Act has reduced toxic and health-threatening air pollution by 60 percent while our economy has grown more than 200 percent.
fake	The president has given 1,100 special waivers to his friends for Obamacare.
fake	Says Joe Biden went to China and said that he sympathized and wouldnt second-guess their one-child policy of forced abortions and sterilizations.
fake	In just six years, Georgia has dropped from first in the nation from a business-friendly legal climate to 24th.
real	Texas is home to millions of Latinas, but the state has never elected a Latina to Congress.
fake	You know what (Saddam Hussein) did well? He killed terrorists.
fake	Studies show that if we opened one reserve in Alaska now, in five years, gas prices could be at $2 a gallon.
real	(My dad) used to campaign against the gas-guzzling dinosaurs.
real	Says for the first time in the history of the United States, the government cut taxes during wartime
fake	Health insurance and medical costs are going down because of Obamacare.
fake	Says that President Obama said if Congress passed the economic stimulus bill, we would have unemployment at 8 percent and no higher. And it went higher.
real	The company I created, Point Judith Capital, "is the only venture capital firm in Rhode Island."
fake	On whether he supports 'Don't Ask, Don't Tell.'
real	The Boston Marathon bombing is the fifth case in which U.S. government officials examined individuals potentially involved in terrorism and felt they were no threat and they went on to carry out terrorist murders.
fake	Everyone in this country has access to health care.
fake	The Cleveland police has issued a stand down order to officers.
real	Says President Obama has fired more cruise missiles than all other Peace Prize winners combined.
fake	Obamas 2012 policy on younger immigrants created these children coming across the border.
real	Says he eliminated an EPA rule that treated spilled milk like it was oil.
fake	The Earth is not warming.
real	Says Romney wants to add $2 trillion to the defense budget that the military hasnt asked for.
fake	The California governor says yes to poisoning more children with mercury and aluminum in vaccines.
fake	Says Debo Adegbile was nominated to serve as a judge on the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and was abruptly withdrawn by the administration.
real	Ronald Reagan met with Gorbachev; Kennedy met with Khruschev; and Nixon met with Mao and these were folks who have done horrendous damage not only to their own countries but to other countries.
fake	Says his patents in ultrasound have revolutionized modern medicine.
fake	Jason Carters plan: increase spending by $12.5 billion.
fake	SaysMichael Bennet wants to close Guantanamo Bay prisonand bring terrorists right here to Colorado.
fake	Hillary Clinton supports unlimited abortion on demand up until the moment of birth, including partial-birth abortion, with taxpayer funding.
real	While Romney was a director of the Damon Corporation, the company was defrauding Medicare of millions.
real	Medicare has spent $172 million on penis pumps in the last five years at $360 a pop.
fake	Says there are no political prisoners in Cuba.
real	Says Walmart employees represent the largest group of Medicaid and food stamp recipients in many states, costing the taxpayer $1,000 per worker.
fake	Under the Iran nuclear deal, we give them $150 billion, we get nothing.
real	Colorado raked in $60 million in marijuana taxes and licensing fees in the past year.
real	On foreign policy, Joe Biden was against aid for Vietnam, said the fall of the Shah was a step forward for human rights in Iran, opposed Reagans defense build-up and voted against the first Gulf War.
fake	The Democrat-backed health care reform plan "will require (Americans) to subsidize abortion with their hard-earned tax dollars."
fake	Virginia has a responsibility to fund 55 percent of public education and is payingjust 41 percent.
fake	Says Wisconsin Attorney General J.B. Van Hollen knew about (the Ken Kratz sexting) case for nearly a year and did nothing about it.
real	In Atlanta, since 1994 when the Seven Deadly Sins (mandatory minimum sentences) took effect, the violent crime rate has dropped 62 percent.
real	From 1980 to 1990, the top 1 percent saw their income go up by roughly 80 percent while the median wage in the country over (the same) 10 years went up 3 percent.
real	Says Stefani Carter repeatedly used her campaign contributors donations to rent margarita machines for our state house office.
real	Hair stylists are required to undergo more government scrutiny than foreclosure consultants.
fake	Says Supreme Court Justice Sonia Sotomayor has animmigrant family background.
real	Says New Jerseys prison system is 61 percent African-American even though our state is just 13 percent black.
fake	Obamacare is the biggest tax increase in American history.
real	The number of SWAT raids have gone up by 1,400 percent since the 1980s.
real	Eighty percent of the antibiotics in this country are fed to livestock.
real	Between 1982 and 2007 the cost of a college education increased 439 percent.
real	Says for every dollar the state spent on audits last year, it delivered $64 in cost savings.
fake	I actually started criticizing the war in Iraq before (Obama) did.
real	Mike Huckabee "supported taxpayer-funded scholarships for illegal aliens."
real	She stood by our National Guard and Reserve and kept standing till they received health care they deserved.
fake	Obama ad contends that John McCain endorses Rush Limbaugh's comments about immigration.
real	Says Rick Perry told students he couldnt attend a gubernatorial forum due to scheduling conflicts, then on forum day tweeted that hed just been running with his dog.
fake	Senate immigration legislation is the Obama-Reid plan to give illegal immigrants amnesty.
real	The United States spends almost three times per capita what they spend in the U.K. on health care and 50 percent more than they pay in France.
fake	Teachers are working their third consecutive year -- some longer than that -- without salary increases.
fake	On sequestration
fake	In barely four years in office, five jihadists have reached their targets in the United States under Barack Obama, compared to zero in over seven years after 9/11 under George W. Bush.
real	Undocumented workers crossing the border right now is at a 12-year low.
fake	1928 was last time Republicans had the White House, the House and the Senate.
fake	We are bogged down in a war that John McCain now suggests might go on for another 100 years.
fake	Says President Barack Obama has not raised taxes.
real	President Obama's own director of national intelligence, Admiral Blair, put it this way: 'High-value information came from interrogations in which those methods were used and provided a deeper understanding of the al-Qaida organization that was attacking this country.'
real	(The Opportunity Scholarship Act) would be funded directly from public school budgets. So it would absolutely take money out of the public school system to transfer to private and religious schools.
real	No one beta-tested healthcare.gov.
fake	Its estimated that 40 percent of all the guns that are sold in the United States occur with no background records check.
real	Women are still paid 82 cents for every dollar a man earns in Texas.
real	Says he was the only Republican to vote against creating a House panel to investigate Planned Parenthood.
fake	Says Jill McCabe supports late term abortions. Larger baby parts are more profitable.
fake	The New York Times had to retract its story that Hillary Clintons email handling had broken certain laws.
real	Says Donald Trump games the U.S. visa system so he can hire temporary foreign workers at low wages.
fake	Barack Obama's plan gives a driver's license to any illegal who wants one.
fake	The United States has seen a net loss of people with health insurance because of Obamacare.
fake	The delay inschool testingwas not that of a vendor, the problem was not that of the test materials itself,it was the product of a cyber attack.
fake	Says Scott Walkers jobs agency gives financial incentives that lead Wisconsin companies to look at shipping jobs elsewhere. ... A company got $4.6 million in taxpayer money and actually reduced its jobs by 300 people.
fake	Frankly, (Hillary Clinton) doesnt do very well with women.
fake	Rhode Island is one of the worst states for income equality.
real	Says Texas has 11 different felonies you can commit with an oyster.
real	Says Barack Obama has pension investments that include Chinese firms, and investments through a Caymans trust.
real	The facts show that approximately 40 persons on death row have had all of their appellate review completed and await only the governors signature on a death warrant to end the case.
real	Says Connie Mack wrote a letter to the Department of Transportation in order to get $29 million in stimulus for his congressional district.
real	In the mid 1990s, in our state, (Florida was) No. 1 in violent crime in America. ... The only concern I had was for the citizens of Florida, who were subjected to a violent crime every three minutes and 45 seconds.
fake	People in the top tax bracket, these so-called wealthy, most of them are small-business owners.
real	It has been 269 days since (Hillary) Clinton has held a press conference.
real	The number of African-American men in prison has increased fivefold since he left office.
fake	Austin was the site of the first mass shooting in the country.
fake	In April 1997, there was a gas out conducted nationwide in protest of gas prices. Gasoline prices dropped 30 cents a gallon overnight.
real	The Obama administration originally wanted 10,000 troops to remain in Iraq -- not combat troops, but military advisers, special operations forces, to watch the counterterrorism effort.
fake	President Barack Obama has weakened the respect for America abroad.
real	Fewer black and Latino men participate in the labor force, compared to young white men.
fake	Seniors and the disabled will have to stand in front of Obamas death panel so his bureaucrats can decide, based on a subjective judgment of their level of productivity in society, whether they are worthy of health care.
real	It costs $10,000 a year to keep a child in school; it costs $30,000 a year to keep someone in prison.
fake	Three years ago, a newly elected President Obama told America that if Congress approved his plan to borrow nearly a trillion dollars, he would hold unemployment below 8 percent.
fake	Last year, I was involved with an effort to to help prosecutors get their first pay raise in more than 10 years.
real	We are one of only two states to have eight consecutive months of declining unemployment. Twenty-one states had increased unemployment last month. Ours went down.
real	The economy is too weak to raise income levels.
real	George Allen voted for budgets that increased the national debt by $16,400 for every second he served in the U.S. Senate.
real	By the time I finish this speech, two Americans will be slain, six women will be raped, 27 of us will be robbed, and 50 more will be beaten.
fake	There are prototype cars that get between 100 and 150 miles per gallon and "we could have those cars in your garages in a couple of years."
real	Guess what, governor? Theres no fried butter in Newark. Just 13 percent unemployment.
fake	A study showed that President Barack Obamas health-care reforms will devastate Wisconsin by pushing people off employer-sponsored insurance, driving up premiums, increasing dependency and making 122,000 people ineligible for Medicaid.
real	The tuitions in Virginia colleges...have doubled -- 100 percent -- in the last 10 years.
real	We spend more money on lobbying than we do on campaigns.
real	Of the 25 wealthiest nations, were the only one that doesnt provide basic health coverage.
real	In 2008, candidate Barack Obama attacked John McCain for proposing cuts to Medicare.
real	Says that, as a Supreme Court justice, Greg Abbott found that a company whose vacuum cleaners were sold door to door had no responsibility in the hiring of a salesman who raped a customer.
real	The minimum wage is mostly an entry-level wage for young people.
real	The United States has an immigration system where only 6.5 percent of people who come here, come here based on labor and skill.
fake	Says theres not much evidence to suggest that people have (contributed to global warming) or can do very much to change anything.
real	Some businesses in Oregon are having to shrink back their businesses as a result of the law.
fake	Says U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin supports a tax increase that President Obama says would cost middle-class families $3,000 per year.
real	Says TriMet now spends $1.63 in benefits for every $1.00 spent on wages.
fake	It has been estimated that nearly 40 percent of all guns sold in America are sold by private, unlicensed sellers either online or through gun shows.
fake	President Barack Obama took exactly none of his own deficit reduction commissions ideas. Not one.
real	Almost every state has offered an insurance plan on its health exchange that does not cover abortion.
real	Hillary Clinton "actually differed with (John McCain) by arguing for exceptions for torture before changing positions."
real	Health care reform will not affect veterans' benefits.
fake	State employees in Wisconsin earn about 8 percent less than if they worked in the private sector.
real	Florida is now the No. 1 state in the country for automobile accident fraud.
fake	Statistics show you are about nine times more likely to be assaulted by a taxi driver in Austin than a driver for a ride-hailing service.
real	Says Jeff Wentworth was the only Republican to vote against the Texas measure requiring women to have a sonogram before receiving an abortion.
fake	We just had someone last week in Neenah near a school kill someone with a bow and arrow.
real	Forty percent of the country is going to be in states that are tolerant of gay marriage or at least civil unions.
fake	Some of our states educational administrators joined the feds in seeking to mandate Arabic classes for Texas children.
fake	Says Barack Obamas favorability rating in Israel once clocked in at 4 percent.
fake	The federal government has not engaged in (border security) at all.
real	This March, for the first time in human history, the monthly average carbon dioxide in our atmosphere exceeded 400 parts per million. The range had been 170-300 parts per million for hundreds of thousands of years.
fake	Under Obama, home values in Florida collapsed, construction jobs were lost and the state had a high foreclosure rate.
real	I never called for a partition of Iraq.
fake	The health care law adds around $800 billion of taxes on the American people. It does not discriminate between rich and poor.
real	Under Gov. Kasich, Ohio wages have increased by $10.3 billion.
real	Rick Perry had planned to retire from the legislature until his best friend, David Weeks, and I talked him into switching parties and running for the GOP nomination for agriculture commissioner.
real	Today, we import triple the amount of oil than we had on the day Senator McCain took office.
fake	Women and men both are making less when you adjust for inflation than when John Kitzhaber was first elected governor.
real	If we had the same staffing ratio (of officers to residents) as Seattle, wed have 300 more officers in our department.
fake	Says Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that if he has a nuclear weapon he will use it to wipe Israel off the face of the earth. He will use it against the United States of America.
real	There is over 20 times more energy in a proposed Southside uranium mining site than there is in all the oil thats estimated to be off Virginias coast
fake	Loranne Ausley voted six times to tax your savings.
fake	Says for the duration of this recession not a single person in government middle management has lost (a) job or taken a pay cut.
real	AIG has fully repaid the federal government plus a profit of more than $22 billion.
fake	Under President Barack Obama, income levels and unemployment numbers are worse now than just about ever for African-Americans.
fake	Fox News is banned in Canada because it violatesa law thatprevents news channels from lying to their viewers.
fake	Says New Jersey Devils managing partner Jeff Vanderbeek took us into arbitration.
fake	Today there are more men and women out of work in America than there are people working in Canada.
real	The Israelisgave up 1,000 terrorists in return for one sergeant.
fake	George Allens flat tax plan would actually shrink revenues further thanthe Perry (flat tax) plan.
fake	An account of attacks in Benghazi written by former White House press secretary Dee Dee Myers shows that the body of U.S. Ambassador to Libya Christopher Stevens was dragged through the streets and abused.
fake	All the really great programs in American history, Social Security, was done without Republicans. Medicare was done without Republican support until the last vote where they realized they had to get on board.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton voted to raise taxes on workers earning as little as $41,500.
real	Weve dedicated more money from (Washington Countys) transportation budget to bike and ped projects under my watch than at any time in the history of Washington County.
real	The Russians didnt wear uniforms when they came in to Ukraine.
fake	Reporters have uncovered another Scott company accused of criminal acts. But Scott wont come clean.
fake	Says sixty-two percent of small businesses over the last five years went under because they couldnt pay their health care bills.
fake	Kendrick Meek was named one of the two most corrupt Democrats in Congress by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington.
fake	Stimulus money funded a government board that made recommendations that would cost 378,000 jobs and $28.3 billion in sales.
real	Webster sponsored a bill to create a form of marriage that would trap women in abusive relationships.
fake	Says a Canadian provincial prime minister came to Ohio for his medical treatment because of the delay in Canadian health care which would have endangered his life.
real	The governor does not have any power to veto a referendum [on same-sex marriage] that would be a constitutional amendment.
real	I have returned money every year since taking office.
real	After they bought GST Steel, Mitt Romney and his partners loaded it with debt, closed the Kansas City plant and walked away with a healthy profit, leaving hundreds of employees out of work with their pensions in jeopardy.
real	Says Barack Obama is trying to slash funding for the Armed Pilots Program designed to prevent terror attacks.
real	Only nine coalition nations with the U.S. are truly actively involved in fighting the Islamic State.
real	Austin Energy is considering its first rate increase since 1994.
fake	Says that if Texas, California and New York all voted for Democratic presidential nominees, it would be mathematically impossible for Republicans to elect a president.
real	Barack (Obama) has one of his biggest supporters in terms of funding, the Exelon Corporation, which has spent millions of dollars trying to make Yucca Mountain the waste depository.
fake	The attorney general requires that rape victims pay for the rape kit.
fake	Says a trash mound on U.S. 290 is 800 feet tall.
real	Immigrants are more fertile.
fake	The insurance risk corridors arent going broke like Republicans predicted.
real	At this point in 2012, Rick Perry was ahead at 29.9 percent, and we had seven more leads before it finally settled on Mitt Romney.
fake	The Governor did not consult members of his own party before he released his [transportation] plan.
fake	Because of Democratic tax hikes, New Jersey ended a decade with fewer private sector jobs for the first time in recorded history.
real	There is no state in the U.S. where a 40-hour minimum wage work week is enough to afford a two-bedroom apartment.
real	Federal law requires residents to participate in the U.S. governments American Community Survey.
fake	Under Scott Walker, the Wisconsin middle class is shrinking at a faster rate than any other state in the country.
real	Ninety six percent of employers in the Granite State are considered small businesses.
fake	Says Donald Trump and Marco Rubio opposed Cruzs efforts to defund Planned Parenthood.
fake	Says HB2 hasnt moved the needle one iota on North Carolinas economy.
real	In state after state, polls make clear that the American public understands the Kelo ruling is a disaster.
fake	Says, The Democrats proposed budget is also balanced by using more in new tax revenue than in total PERS reform or savings.
fake	The immigration bill has a specific provision that says that Secretary Napolitano does not have to build any fence if she chooses not to.
real	Theres no correlation between primary turnout and wins in the fall in the last 11 elections.
fake	Were one of the only communities in the country that didnt lose population in the last census.
fake	Says Kay Bailey Hutchison voted for sanctuary cities.
fake	Says abortion doctors are flying into this state, performing abortions and flying out.
fake	While fighting a move to toughen penalties for workplace gender discrimination, state Sen. Glenn Grothman said he didnt believe women belonged in the workplace but belonged at home, cooking and cleaning and having babies.
fake	Obamacare could cause 20 million people to lose their current coverage.
fake	Abortion services are well over 90 percent of what Planned Parenthood does.
real	Almost half a million people are still eligible (for DACA), particularly in the Asian-American and Pacific Islander community.
real	The House-passed budget proposal could cut funding for programs that help keep local neighborhoods safe, slash more than $1.7 million in anti-terror funds for Ohio.
real	Says Minnesota has more Fortune 500 companies than Oregon and one of the most obvious differences is theyve invested in their schools.
fake	In Providence, R.I., its illegal to sell toothpaste and a toothbrush to the same customer on a Sunday.
real	(T)he United States government and its Constitution says that people can be put to death.
fake	As unbelievable as it sounds, your tax dollars are funding the federal governments Zombie Apocalypse Plan. I kid you not.
fake	Says (t)his 12 year council Seat-warmer has never chaired, vice chaired, or led a single Council committee meeting.
fake	Says Robert Hurt supports the tax loopholes that send American jobs overseas.
fake	We're also cutting a Forest Service economic development program that strayed so far from any mission that it funded a music festival.
fake	Exposure to the electromagnetic fields from power lines has been associated with childhood leukemia and other diseases.
real	Since 1999, all Virginia Lottery profits have been used for public education in the Commonwealth for kindergarten through 12th grade.
fake	Says Mitch McConnell voted three times for corporate tax breaks that send Kentucky jobs overseas.
fake	Ken Cuccinelli would take money away from public schools to fund private schools.
real	Says our unemployment insurance trust fund is broke. Were over a billion dollars in debt to the federal government.
fake	The error rates for the Fulton County elections department are well below the average.
real	When he (Donald Trump) asked Florida to have casino gambling, we said no.
real	Says theres no proven instance where hydraulic fracking has polluted groundwater.
fake	Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker is making voting more difficult by closing Department of Motor Vehicles offices where low-income voters live.
real	We have almost 68,000 Georgia students who are required by law to attend a chronically failing school.
real	After shedding jobs for more than 10 years, our manufacturers have added about 500,000 jobs over the past three.
fake	In this country we have more natural gas than Saudi Arabia has oil.
fake	Says Bill Nelson voted to cut $700 billion out of Medicare to pay for Obamacare.
real	The Senate-passed health care bill "is identical to the Massachusetts health care plan -- the same thing."
fake	Says Bill Pascrell voted to eliminate all estate taxes for billionaires, and I voted no.
fake	White House spokesman Robert Gibbs lied when he said President Obamas birth certificate is posted on the Internet.
fake	The USAFreedom Act undercuts privacy becausethe phone records will be in the hands of the phone companies with hundreds of people available to look at the records, versus 20 or 30 people in the government.
fake	It's just outrageous that under President Bush, the National Institutes of Health have been basically decreased in funding.
fake	Says she never received nor sent any material that was marked classified on her private email server whilesecretary of state.
real	Austin is the biggest city in America with a Tier One research university (UT-Austin) but without a medical school.
fake	President Barack Obama shut down NASA space flights and turned the agency into a Muslim outreach department.
fake	Obamacare provision will allow forcedhome inspections by government agents.
real	The Cathedral of Christ the King is one of the Archdiocese of Atlantas largest and fastest-growing parishes.
real	There are cities and counties in Georgia that dont have websites, and where elected officials dont have email addresses.
real	60 percent of all Americans do not want to see Planned Parenthood defunded.
fake	Weve got a personal tax system thats so complicated it costs Americans about $500 billion a year to comply with the current tax code.
fake	Since being elected, (Tom Barrett) has dumped 8.2 billion gallons of raw sewage into Lake Michigan.
real	Says the cascading effects of climate change contributed to the rise of ISIS.
fake	Barbara Boxers worried about the weather instead of terrorism as the biggest threat to national security.
fake	Says in Canada, the number of CT scan machines per 1,000 people is like one-tenth of what we have here in this country. Thats why people have to wait.
fake	A few weeks ago, (the) education committee in Congress is deciding whats going to be in your local salad bar.
real	In the three months before the act took effect, America lost 750,000 jobs a month. In the last three months, we've lost about 35,000 jobs a month.
fake	Iranian mullahs took American hostages and they held the American hostages for 444 days. ...The one hour in which they released them was the one hour in which Ronald Reagan was taking the Oath of Office
fake	A state bill would end a longstanding requirement that local governments repair highways and sidewalks -- and block injured citizens from suing over neglected maintenance.
fake	Road construction bids are coming in at the lowest in the modern era.
real	Medicare spends "$15-billion a year on subsidies to insurance companies."
real	Texas has 600,000 registered voters who dont have the kind of photo ID needed to vote.
real	The Republican Party "fought very hard in the '60s to get the civil rights bill passed, as well as the voting rights bill."
real	Says House Republicans rejected a straightforward measure that would prevent members of Congress and the president from being paid during a government shutdown.
fake	Says uncompensated health care costs absorbed by Texas hospitals are adding $1,800 a year to Texas private insurance rates.
real	President Barack Obama had the legal authority to strike Syria without a vote from Congress.
real	Congress has 11 percent approval ratings, yet 96.4 percent of incumbent lawmakers were re-elected in 2014.
fake	Says military commanders have said that if Donald Trump were elected, they would not follow his orders.
fake	Says Obama health reform law denies millions access to affordable insurance.
real	As governor, I've stood up to ... the big oil companies.
fake	Says Barack Obama robbed Medicare (of) $716 billion to pay for ... Obamacare.
fake	Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it cant build a factory in a non-union state.
fake	My opponent... lost 43,000 jobs in Houston since he took over; we are losing jobs.
fake	Says Cathy Jordan was arrested and dragged out of her home by a SWAT team of hooligans for using medical marijuana.
fake	Says Republican opponent Jason Isaac is peddling a plan meaning Texans would pay the highest sales taxes in America, up to 14.5 percent.
fake	On his definition of takers and makers
fake	Says Mitt Romney and Bain Capital are to blame in a womans premature death when they closed the plant where her husband worked.
real	25 percent of federal inmates are noncitizens.
fake	Ive been outspent by my opponents every time Ive run for U.S. Senate.
fake	Says New York has bureaucrats telling you whether you can even drink a Big Gulp.
fake	This president ... could have gotten crippling sanctions against Iran. He did not.
real	We have only one person on the (TVA) board, to my knowledge, who even has any corporate board experience.
real	As many as a quarter of our students arent even finishing high school.
fake	The Every Student Succeeds Act did away basically with Common Core.
fake	Says Republican Rep. Charlie Dent wants to kick the Freedom Caucus out of the Republican conference for voting our conscience.
fake	In the last 24 months, 10 rural Texas hospitals have been forced to shut their doors because state leaders chose not to expand Medicaid.
fake	Wisconsin employers have repeatedly said in surveys that our anti-business litigation climate is one of the most important factors affecting their expansion decisions.
fake	Republicans actually doctored emails between administration officials about Benghazi. Then, they released them to the press, trying to pass them off as real.
real	The Castro regime violated international norms by secretly shipping weapons to North Korea in violation of a U.N. embargo.
real	Teddy Roosevelt first called for (health care) reform nearly a century ago.
fake	The Wisconsin law repealed by Republicans, which allowed discriminated workers to sue in state court, was kind of a gravy train for lawyers.
fake	We know that more than half of Hillary Clintons meetings while she was secretary of state were given to major contributors to the Clinton Foundation.
fake	A majority of our students are trapped in underperforming schools.
fake	In 2011, Carlos Lpez-Cantera staunchly supported a Florida bill modeled after Arizonas immigration law
fake	Says the federal government is earning more tax revenue now than any other time.
real	Under Obamacare, members of Congress are required to purchase their health insurance from the new exchanges.
real	Says Donald Trump is on record extensively supporting (the) intervention in Libya.
real	Says when he was governor,we expanded participation in Virginia in early childhood programs by nearly 40 percent.
fake	The Senate immigration bill unleashes a massive increase in overall immigration. Were talking about a population increase under the Senate bill of over 70 million people in 20 years.
fake	Woodrow Wilson borrowed $30 billion to fund World War I in 1917. That money has not been paid back. And we are still paying interest on it.
fake	It will cost $50,000 per enrollee in Obamacare over the next 10 years.
fake	In 2001, former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan "justified increasing spending and cutting taxes, saying that we didn't really need to pay down the debt."
fake	Says Arizona, Missouri and Texas residents have a two-pet limit, so the public must surrender their third pet to the Humane Society.
real	In America, we pay, by far, the highest prices in the world for prescription drugs.
real	California cut about $1.3 billion in child care (during the recession). Weve only reinvested about $300 million.
fake	Says he voted for even stronger protections (in the Violence Against Women Act)than Obamas agenda will allow.
fake	According to the CDC, 110 million Americans now have a sexually transmitted illness.
fake	I didn't endorse the federal stimulus bill.
real	Joe Biden wrote the Violence Against Women Act ... the rate of domestic violence went down dramatically.
real	There are already more American jobs in the solar industry than in coal mining.
fake	The only years that anybodys ever seen of Donald Trumps tax returns showed he didnt pay any federal income tax.
fake	Six convictions are connected to an allegation by prosecutors that Gov. Scott Walker is at the center of a criminal scheme.
real	Says hewas one of the chief architects of balancing the federalbudget.
real	Sometime in the next decade, there will be more Latinos in the state of Texas than there are Anglos. That will happen sometime in the next five to eight to ten years.
fake	Illegal counterfeiting and piracy costs the U.S. economy $100 billion... every year.
real	No one in the country has ever built a brand new sports facility and created this kind of development at the same time.
real	Barack Obama and the Democrats have "proposed a tax for not having health insurance."
real	Says the Congressional Budget Office estimates a cap-and-trade program would cost the average family the equivalent of a postage stamp a day.
fake	In 1950, corporations paid $3 in taxes for every $1 by a worker. Today, they pay 22 cents for every $1 by a worker.
fake	Women account for 92.3 percent of the jobs lost under Obama.
fake	Phoenix, Arizona, is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world.
fake	Says Gov. Chris Christie has embarked on a tour to demand that New Jerseys Democratic legislature approve an immediate tax cut that would disproportionately benefit the wealthiest.
fake	Says Gov. Scott Walker took away $1.6 billion from schools and handed it off as over $2 billion in tax breaks to the rich.
real	Says that in his book, Rick Perry said that Social Security is unconstitutional.
real	Illegal immigration and the crime rate are as low as theyve been in decades.
fake	Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'
fake	Obama says Iran is a 'tiny' country, 'doesn't pose a serious threat.'
real	Says first eight chosen to draw Austin City Council districts are seven Democratic primary voters and one Republican primary voter.
fake	Republican (small business tax cut) bill spends $80 million for better Google searches, not job creation
fake	The average age of the minimum wage worker is 35 years old.
real	Says only 18 percent of Portland elementary schools have art instruction compared to 83 percent nationally.
real	Says Scott Brown voted to give oil companies big tax breaks.
fake	In fighting collective bargaining changes, Democrats are trying to protect a system that pays unionized government workers 42 percent more than non-union workers.
real	Says ending the direct payment farm subsidy program could save up to $28.4 billion over ten years that could be used to reduce the deficit.
real	Passing a federal firearms background check through the NICS database . . . typically takes 90 seconds.
fake	Says President Obamas grandmother in Kenya said he was born in Kenya and she was there and witnessed the birth.
real	When (Joe Kyrillos) had an opportunity to vote for women in terms of their health care, not once, not twice, but six times, he voted against womens health care in our state.
fake	Says a liberal immigration reform group endorsed his GOP primary opponent, Dave Brat.
fake	Tim Kaine broke a campaign promise not to raise taxes.
real	After Britains vote to leave the European Union, within 24 hours, Americans lost $100 billion from our 401(k)s.
fake	We're building a nearly $40-billion natural gas pipeline, which is North America's largest and most expensive infrastructure project ever.
fake	Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers estimate of a $3.6 billion state budget deficit is manufactured and a bogus figure.
real	If you look at the number of illegal immigrants coming into the country, it is net zero. Its been that way now for almost two years.
fake	Says many public-employee unions falsely told their Wisconsin members his budget-repair bill sought 12 percent to 13 percent of their incomes for health insurance premiums.
real	Polls show Americans are overwhelmingly opposed to Obamacare, especially the individual mandate.
fake	Diane Black voted to fund Obamacare.
real	I took on the worst road system in the country, according to Trucker's magazine. When I left, they said it was the most improved road system in the country.
fake	When it comes to jobless workers, Mitt Romney says he likes to fire people.
real	Nearly one in five women in America has been a victim of rape or attempted rape.
fake	The Bush administration prosecuted 190 suspected terrorists in federal courts.
real	Says the Central Ohio Human Trafficking Task Force is the first task force of its kind in Central Ohio
fake	Tom Leppert pledged to make Dallas a sanctuary city for illegal immigrants.
fake	Congressman Kasich wants to use our tax dollars to give secret bonuses to his corporate friends.
fake	Nonpartisan government analysts say Obamacare will cost our economy up to 2.5 million jobs.
fake	U.S. military uniforms are manufactured in China.
real	President Obama has the worst ratings of any president at the end of his first year.
real	There are a larger number of shark attacks in Florida than there are cases of voter fraud.
real	Nearly 40 percent of his McAllen-area constituents suffer from obesity.
fake	Says the 2014-15 state budget cut border security and funding to fight criminal gangs.
real	The military has spent $500 million enforcing the Dont Ask, Dont Tell policy regarding gays and lesbians in the military.
fake	As part of efforts to rein in protesters, Republicans in Wisconsin have bolted windows inside the Capitol shut.
fake	The Obama-GOP compromise raises taxes, it raises the death tax.
fake	The problem with raising tax rates on the wealthiest Americans is that more than half of them are small business owners.
real	Says Chris Christie inherited the highest taxes in America and the worst unemployment in the region.
real	I am a candidate. I have not withdrawn.
real	The mosquito population in South Florida is larger than it is in many other communities in the country.
real	Says he forced Washington to open up the Arctic Ocean to oil drilling.
fake	A 5-cent charge on paper bags is a tax.
real	Says a lawmaker seeks to defund Planned Parenthood for cutting children into small pieces.
fake	Newgard owed more than $13,000 for unpaid taxes on his $1 million Milwaukie apartment complex.
real	Says federal regulations adopted in 2011 increased the cost of each vehicle for his business by $10,000.
fake	Says Chuck Hagels nomination as defense secretary has been publicly celebrated by the Iranian government.
real	Forty percent of illegal immigrants are people coming legally on visas and overstaying their visas.
fake	Says John Kitzhabers proposed budget for upcoming biennium represents 8 percent increase over last
fake	Planned Parenthood is not actually doing womens health issues.
fake	Says Greg Abbott converted over $1 million in federal grant money intended for use to prosecute online sexual predators and other cyber crimes and instead used it to harass and prosecute senior citizens who were assisting other senior citizens in applying for mail-in ballots.
fake	Says PolitiFact says Amendment 4 will force counties and cities across Florida to raise taxes and fees.
real	In February, John McCain suggested the Bergdahl-Taliban swap that he now calls outrageous and dangerous.
real	There will be no public funding for abortion in this legislation.
fake	America has already taken in one-fourth of Mexicos entire population.
real	47 - New provisions ObamaCare charges the IRS with implementing, according to the Government Accountability Office.
real	The average age of members of the House of Representatives is 57 years old.
fake	Weve had examples like in Yuma County, where weve been able to stop 97 percent of the illegal (immigration) flow, and those programs, they abolish.
real	Wisconsins rainy day fund is 165 times bigger than when we first took office.
real	Science is very certain that the measles vaccine doesnt cause autism.
fake	Says Hillary Clintons Iran nuclear deal lined the pockets of the worlds number one state sponsor of terrorism with your money.
fake	Says in March New Jersey was one of only eight states in the nation to lose jobs and the state with the highest loss of jobs in the nation.
fake	Says Crist campaign website "has eliminated all references to our Republican Party."
real	Its actually easier for the United States to get flight manifests from E.U. nations than it is for E.U. nations to get them from their own neighbors, thanks to an agreement the U.S. negotiated when I was secretary of state.
fake	Says Ron Johnson justifies his support of trade agreements by saying the U.S. has the Trade Adjustment Assistance program for displaced workers, but then he voted to eliminate it.
real	The Iranians are now saying that what were saying the deal is and what they understand it to be are two different things.
real	Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
real	Says Mitt Romney flip-flopped on abortion.
real	Pasco County has the second highest population of homeless in all of Florida.
real	Ninety percent of the topsoil has inadequate moisture to grow crops.
fake	In his very first budget, (Milwaukee) Mayor Tom Barrett broke his pledge to keep a lid on property taxes and has continued increasing taxes and fees ever since.
fake	In 2006, I went out and authored a letter with 24 other senators asking for major reform of Freddie and Fannie, warning of a meltdown and a bubble in the housing market.
fake	The IRS scandal clearly showed some criminal behavior.
fake	When Obama took office the economy of the United States was actually shrinking for the first time in about 70 years.
real	Wisconsin lost more jobs over the past 12 months than any other state.
fake	Republican leaders said "no" to "tax cuts for 95% of working Americans."
real	Marriage decreases the probability of child poverty by 82 percent.
real	Senate Democrats have never held up a Supreme Court nomination.
fake	Under Gov. Scott Walkers public-school budgets, a student entering kindergarten will not enjoy the same state investment in his or her education as those that came before them until they are graduating from high school.
fake	The federal government now tells us which light bulbs to buy.
real	The average family (is) now bringing home $4,000 less than they did just five years ago.
fake	(Palin) supported right-wing extremist Pat Buchanan for president in 2000.
fake	The newly created state Immigration Enforcement Review Board can actually prosecute, and get them [violators] into jail, if we bring in the attorney general.
real	We have an Army that just cut 40,000 spots.
fake	Obamacare Medical Codes Confirm: Execution by Beheading To Be Implemented in America.
real	Says 21 million people still suffer slavery today.
real	Guantanamo Bay detainees will get the H1N1 vaccine.
fake	Terrorist detainees were not covered by the Geneva Convention. They were unlawful combatants. And under those circumstances, they were not entitled to the normal kinds of courtesies and treatment.
real	A majority in every state favors path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants.
fake	Says Scott Walker said that forcing women facing abortion to get invasive ultrasounds was just a cool thing.
fake	Days after the (Osama bin Laden) raid, Hollywood was invited into the White House so that they could receive a briefing that revealed intelligence sources and methods.
fake	Claims credit for food tax reductions that previous Democrat regimes refused to make.
real	Says Hillary Clinton tripled the number of people with AIDS whose lives are being saved .. and it did not cost you any more money.
fake	In 2006, Arizona had four ballot issues that were "very tough on illegal immigration... Forty-seven percent of the Hispanics in Arizona voted for them."
real	When Carly Fiorina says Hewlett-Packard revenues went up, thats because she bought Compaq. It was a terrible deal.
fake	You wonder why you dont see Rand Paul as much; hes still shopping for his billionaire. Hes like the only one who hasnt found a billionaire to fund his super PAC.
fake	A judges order means theres a Constitution exemption zone if you live within 100 miles of the United States border.
fake	Says in the last 20 years, the French have not stood by the United States on foreign policy.
real	Says Scott Walker eliminated his own office of economic development in the middle of this recession.
fake	Were not allowed to read it (the Trans-Pacific Partnership) before representatives vote on it.
fake	There is no good data showing secondhand smoke kills people.
real	I'm for a three-state political solution in Iraq. (Romney) is not.
fake	Ronald Reagans philosophy of peace through strength is why the Iranians released the hostages on the same day and at the same hour that Reagan was sworn in.
fake	Says Did you know that the #KeystoneXL project is expected to create 20,000 American jobs, including more than 800 in Oregon?
real	When Jeb (Bush) was governor, his first four years as governor, his Medicaid program grew twice as fast as mine.
fake	I argued for years that we need to move from a 'Musharraf policy' to a 'Pakistan policy.'
real	Ninety percent of Texans say they do not want the nursing homes to close. It polls higher than anything else.
real	[N]early one in three primary care doctors are forced to limit the number of Medicare patients they see.
fake	Says its a statistical reality that most single moms are very poor, under-educated, cant get a job, and if it werent for government assistance, their kids would be starving to death.
fake	$65 million from ABC privatization will not pay for even an overpass in Tysons Corner.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton has not answered a single question about her immigration plan.
real	All travelers -- even babies -- arriving in the U.S. by air must have a passport.
real	Undocumented immigrants pay $12 billion of taxes every single year.
fake	Says her congressional district has 10,000 medical-device industry jobs and 1,000 will be lost because of health-care law tax.
fake	Says judges are using Shariah law in Dearborn, Mich.
real	The National Science Foundation awarded $700,000 to fund a climate change musical.
fake	Says five studies show his tax plan can cut rates and still bring the same revenue without raising taxes on the middle class.
fake	Female students at UVA have a 20 percent chance of being sexually assaulted.
real	North Korea has a substantial standing army, one of the largest, certainly the largest per capita, in the world.
fake	More people are losing their insurance (due to Obamacare) than are becoming newly insured.
fake	Bill Nelson was the deciding vote on the health care law.
fake	John McCain will keep the estate tax at 0 percent, the same as it is now.
fake	Says Ron Johnson supported a plan to cut benefits and raise the retirement age for Social Security.
real	The United States (is) the largest provider of humanitarian assistance to displaced persons and refugees.
fake	When Congressman Langevin took office, gas was around $1.70 per gallon, and now it is near $4 per gallon.
real	Pennsylvania has lost 35 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001 and Harrisburg has lost 40 percent of its manufacturing jobs since 2001.
fake	Until the new Iran deal, China and Russia have never voted with us at the U.N. on any sanctions on Iran in the past.
fake	Once the U.S. government signs a U.N. treaty on conventional arms, "all U.S. citizens will be subject to those gun laws created by foreign governments."
real	Obama Skips Out On Condemning Left-Wing Attacks On Gen. Petraeus Despite Casting Other 'Important Votes' Earlier And Later In The Day.
fake	Under a bill before the legislature, youd have to go to court to fire an employee.
fake	This (Independent Payment Advisory Board) board can ration care and deny certain Medicare treatments so Washington can fund more wasteful spending.
real	Fifty percent of Speaker Gingrichs tax plan goes to the top 1 percent.
real	I spent only $36.29 on my campaign for governor.
fake	Gov. (Scott) Walker has yet to create a job, he gives away millions to his friends, and he raises taxes on working people.
fake	Right now, the (Congressional Budget Office) says up to 20 million people will lose their insurance as Obamacare goes into effect next year.
real	The Obama administration is refusing to directly arm the Kurds.
real	During three and a half years of campaigning, Lamar Smith has never once appeared at a moderated debate to defend his positions on the issues.
fake	Says there are a half a trillion dollars in cuts to Medicare that are going to go in place as a result of health care reform.
real	We admit more than 100,000 lifetime migrants from the Middle East each year.
fake	Says President Obamas deal allows Iran to produce a nuclear weapon.
real	California has the same water infrastructure from when we were 16 million people.
real	The top 10 most well-paid CEOs in America received a combined $770 million in 2010, while the average American workers wage rose just 2 percent.
fake	The overwhelming number of school districts reported their staff stayed the same or grew after the 2011-13 state budget
fake	Due to actions by President Barack Obama, the Burger King national headquarters announced this month that they will be pulling their franchises from our military bases.
real	Of six Rhode Island tax-credit programs worth about $35 million, three companies got 90 percent of that -- CVS and two companies not even located in the state of Rhode Island.
fake	With his decision on whether to fire Gen. Stanley McChrystal, President Obama has to fix yet another problem he inherited from the Bush administration.
fake	Says Alex Sinks plans for governor include $12.5 billion in new spending.
fake	I am the only candidate who ran in either the Democratic or the Republican primary who said from the very beginning (that) I will not raise taxes on the middle class.
fake	It was allowed, referring to her email practices.
fake	The platform of the Republican Party says deport everybody and to hell with it.
fake	The 2016 federal omnibus spending bill funds illegal immigrants coming in and through your border, right through Phoenix.
fake	John Boehner said the jobs of teachers and nurses and police officers and firefighters are government jobs that werent worth saving.
real	Congress used earmarks for more than 200 years.
fake	Says the federal government borrows almost $60 billion per week.
fake	The increase in the garbage tax that [Mayor Allan Fung] imposed in Cranston for some people has been as much as $200.
fake	Transgender individuals in the U.S. have a 1-in-12 chance of being murdered.
real	I took the state of Ohio from an $8 billion hole to a $2 billion surplus.
real	Says Travis Countys unemployment rate is below the national average while its poverty rate exceeds the national average--and local poverty is rising.
fake	The Benghazi probe is the longest-running congressional investigation ever.
fake	Says Ovide Lamontagne wants to eliminate kindergarten.
fake	Says he got lobbied by a woman with late-stage cancer about vaccinating Texas girls against a virus that can cause cervical cancer.
real	A bag of Cheetos costs less to buy than an apple, and in some Milwaukee neighborhoods good luck trying to find an apple or a banana or some sort of healthy option
fake	ISIS is going to people showing videos of Donald Trump insulting Islam and Muslims in order to recruit more radical jihadists.
real	A database police use to look up wanted suspects excludes certain warrants issued by Atlanta Municipal Court.
fake	The Koch Brothers are spending more money than either the Democratic or Republican parties in the 2016 elections.
real	Every poll you see, the overwhelming majority of people want [E-Verify].
real	More people now die in Wisconsin from drug overdoses than car crashes.
real	Trenton politicians cut $1.3 billion from education.
real	Even members of the NRA, when they were polled recently, were under the impression that everyone has a criminal background check.
fake	Funding the federal health care law without a tax hike will require the state to cut nearly a quarter of its annual budget.
fake	I can tell you that the enhanced interrogation techniques that have since been banned by this administration specifically waterboarding work.
real	I dont understand what Republicans are doing against this. It was their idea. John McCain introduced cap and trade legislation three times.
real	In annual surveys of Rhode Island communities that receive Drug Free community grants, many report that more than 50 percent of youth surveyed do not think daily marijuana use poses any serious risk of harm.
fake	The latest unemployment numbers have shown that nearly 315,000 Americans have simply given up hope when it comes to finding a job.
fake	The health care price tag for childhood obesity in Georgia is $2.4 billion annually and rising.
real	In the past 10 years, our (Austin) water rates have increased by 100 percent and we now have the highest water cost of the top 10 cities in Texas.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton has spoken such lies about my foreign policy. They said I want Japan to get nuclear weapons. Give me a break.
fake	Freshman Rep. Bob Gibbs is spending his one year anniversary on vacation only working 6 days in all of January.
fake	In the 80s, Democrats promised spending cuts, but delivered only tax hikes.
real	The proposed transportation bill could be the largest tax increase in Georgia history.
fake	A Muslim immigrant in Michigan can list his second, third or fourth wives as extended family and qualify for welfare.
fake	I co-sponsored the Rebuild America Jobs Act for transportation and infrastructure.
real	The average bonus [on Wall Street] is about $100,000...The bonuses on Wall Street are down 44 percent.
real	Were fifth in the world (in executions), behind China, Iran, Iraq and Saudi Arabia.
real	Last year, Korea sold nearly half a million cars in our country. ... The United States, you know how much we sell to them? Six thousand. What kind of deal is that?
fake	Many of the alarmists on global warming, theyve got a problem because the science doesnt back them up. In particular, satellite data demonstrate for the last 17 years, theres been zero warming.
real	The LGBT community is more often the victims of hate crimes than any other recognized group.
fake	4.7 million people have lost their insurance in 32 states due to Obamacare.
real	Georgia had the worst job losses in state history under GOP watch.
real	Says Donald Trump said he intends to open up additional areas off the coast to oil drilling during the campaign.
fake	Said his mother had to fight with health insurance companies for treatment because of a pre-existing condition.
fake	Says unsuccessful Texas abortion legislation was supported by a majority of Texans.
real	The majority of (the American people) voted for a Democratic House.
real	Fidel (Castro) has made his preferences known in the campaign and had some very unkind things to say about me.
real	Forty percent of people in this country, illegally, are overstaying visas.
real	Rhode Island already gets more revenue per capita from gambling than any other state in the country.
real	While in Congress, Nathan Deal was a leader when it came to protecting our borders.
real	7 out of 10 Oregon families living in poverty have at least one parent who works.
real	Says the Affordable Care Act has already reduced the number of uninsured in Oregon by 10 percent.
fake	Says that Sherrod Brown voted to cut Medicare by over $500 billion in order to fund government-run health care.
real	The NRA used to support expanded background checks.
real	In my home state, nearly one in five Floridians live in poverty.
fake	Oil companies ...currently have 68-million acres that they're not using.
real	The number of terrorists out there has doubled.
fake	Says Ann Kuster said the debate over Americas debt limit is not an important issue of the day.
fake	Says the Democrats told the Catholic Church that theyll use federal powers to shut down church charities and hospitals if the church doesnt change its beliefs.
real	Things went wrong with the Medicare prescription D plan that George Bush rolled out.
real	Ms. Kagan has spent her entire professional career in Harvard Square, Hyde Park and the D.C. Beltway.
fake	The United States is the only major country that taxes its own exports.
fake	Increasing the bottle deposit to 10 cents on a case of water bottles could literally double the price of that product in the store.
fake	Only 2 percent of public high schools in the country offer PE classes.
fake	Says Texas voters are being asked to act this November on a proposed constitutional amendment affecting property taxes.
fake	The folks in Washington are already forcing you to buy government health care.
real	Says 92 percent of Texas counties had no abortion provider in 2008.
real	Says his elections proposal would allow a potential of 168 hours (of early voting), which I think is the most weve ever had.
fake	Despite the U.S. spending $10 billion on Iraqs electrical system, Baghdad still only gets five hours of electricity a day.
fake	Giant companies like Toyota will not locate in a state that has not passed a right-to-work law
fake	Our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape theyve ever been in before. Ever. Ever. Ever.
fake	Says President Barack Obama is trying to pack the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals.
real	If you look at the income of average Americans...theyre absolutely flat in constant dollars since 1979.
fake	Global warming is a hoax.
fake	Says the United States has treaties with apparently 69 countries where we are obligated to defend their borders. And these were treaties that were executive treaties, not authorized by Congress.
fake	Theres a tremendous tax that we pay when we (American businesses) go into China, whereas when China sells to us theres no tax.
real	Says the House Rules Committee is the only panel, other than the Intelligence and Ethics committees, not able to telecast proceedings in its main hearing room.
real	He won't even support his colleague's ... motion to censure the Bush administration for systemic repeated illegal wiretaps.
real	The founders advised non-interventionism.
real	Department of Veterans Affairs doctors are prohibited from recommending medical marijuana.
fake	On tax inversions, the Wall Street Journalsurprisingly attacked this tax scheme.
real	In the U.S. agreement with the Cuban government, no commitment was made to allowing the establishment of political parties or to even begin the semblance of a transition to a democracy.
fake	Says 160,000 kids stay home every day because they are afraid to go to school because of bullying.
fake	Gov. Romney cut off kosher meals for Jewish senior citizens who were on Medicaid to save $5 a day.
fake	Clinton "refused repeated requests to meet with the Gold Star Mothers."
real	Said he's the only Republican candidate "who's actually turned around a government economy."
real	In 2009, Yost spent 2.5 times more money than it took to run the (prosecutors) office before he got there.
real	Ronald Reagan did amnesty.
real	The federal health care law raises taxes and cuts Medicare.
real	The Tampa Bay Rays prices have been judged the most affordable in all of professional sports.
real	Since Oregons prescription-only law took effect, meth lab incidents have dropped by 96 percent and meth-related arrests by 32 percent.
real	Says One-third of our healthcare dollars go to wasteful insurance billing and bureaucracy.
real	Says the federal government could save $175,587 by eliminating a study of the connection between cocaine and risky sex habits of the Japanese quail.
real	Then-Gov. Carl Sanders put 56 percent of the state budget into education, a figure that has not been achieved since.
real	Says no Austin City Council member lives south of Lady Bird Lake or north of 45th Street.
fake	President Obama has spent over $2 million in legal fees defending lawsuits about his birth certificate.
real	On the mosque near ground zero.
real	Today, we have more boots on the ground near the Southwest border than at any time in our history.
real	More than 12,500 service men and women have been discharged on the basis of sexual orientation since the Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy was implemented, at a cost of over $360 million. Many of those forced out had special skills in high demand, such as translators, engineers, and pilots."
real	When New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer wanted to provide drivers licenses to those who are undocumented. (Hillary Clinton) said dont do it.
fake	When (Barack Obama) took office, 2.3 million people were out of work. Five-plus years later, we have 5 million-plus out of work.
real	The six largest cities in Ohio all have higher rates of violence and crime than every major city along the U.S.-Mexico border.
real	The collective net worth of Americans has taken a $5.5 trillion hit ... mainly due to plummeting home values.
real	Nine million people have lower-cost HIV/AIDS medicine because of the work of the Clinton Foundation and my husband.
real	Fifteen out of the 20 most polluted cities in the world are in India and China.
real	Under Scott Walker, right now, were 46th in the country in terms of new businesses started.
real	African-American children are 500 percent more likely to die from asthma than white kids.
real	Venezuela is a country whose defense budget is probably 1/600th of the United States.
real	Im the only member of the House of Representatives who raised most of his campaign funds in the last election from small contributions of less than $200.
fake	Says 67 percent of marriages now wind up in divorce.
fake	I never was in favor of shutting down the government. (I) voted to fund the government fully.
fake	Says As Mayor of Wilsonville, I drove TriMet out of town and replaced their bloated transit system with our own local bus line that offers better service and has saved our businesses millions of dollars.
fake	The average minimum wage worker is 35 years old.
real	Because of Barack Obama 32 million new people will have healthcare.
real	Income disparities in the United States are the worst since the 1920s.
fake	Says as of November, we were ranked 45th in the nation in terms of job creation, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.
real	The No. 1 cause of death for African-American males15-34 is murder.
real	The Obama administration has used the Espionage Act to go after whistleblowers who leaked to journalists ... more than all previous administrations combined.
real	When Rick Scott was deposed in lawsuits about his company, he took the Fifth 75 times.
real	The commission form of government is definitely losing favor in the United States.
real	Jason Carter never passed a bill in his tenure in the state Senate.
real	One in every five families in the state of New Jersey has a loved one with a mental illness, a serious mental illness, and today, we dont care.
real	China is practicing how to blow up our satellites.
real	Says if labor force participation rate were the same as when Barack Obama became president, unemployment would be 11 percent.
real	The University of Wisconsin System is larger than any business in the state of Wisconsin.
fake	During his time as House speaker, unemployment came down from 5.6 percent to under 4 (percent).
fake	Kasichs budget raised taxes by billions, hitting businesses hard and the middle class even harder.
real	Many types of fish and shellfish from waters across the state are labeled unsafe to eat.
real	McCain opposes repeal of the death tax.
real	On military recruiters at Harvard, Elena Kagan "took a position and the Supreme Court ruled unanimously that she was wrong."
real	Atlanta has issued an increasing number of citations - and collected an increasing amount of revenue - since Mayor Kasim Reed took office in 2010.
fake	Congress is on vacation.
real	Republican challenger Bill Flores "has never once voted in a general election in our district."
fake	We refused to balance the budget on the backs of our children.
fake	The salaries of Wisconsins best-educated public school teachers were slashed by Gov. Scott Walker through a recent administrative rule change.
fake	This would be the largest casino in the United States.
real	Joe Straus is the first Jewish speaker of the Texas House.
fake	U.S. military involvement in Libya allowed thousands of surface-to-air missiles to fall into the hands of radical Islamists.
fake	North Carolina spent almost as much as it spends on government rape crisis programs in a year to convene a special session for HB2.
real	Says that under a new program jail "time for non-violent, mentally ill offenders has been reduced by 50 percent."
fake	Says that in the Philippines more than a century ago, Gen. John Pershing took 50 bullets, and he dipped them in pigs blood, and shot 49 Muslim rebels. The 50th person, he said, You go back to your people, and you tell them what happened. And for 25 years, there wasnt a problem.
real	Susie Lee and her husband own 17 homes across the country and use their private jet to take vacations, and invest in companies like Walmart, Halliburton and GEO Group.
fake	We have that program where immigrants come here and they have to bring a million dollars in order to get a green card if theyre going to create jobs.
fake	Typical minimum wage earners in America are teenagers living with their parents in middle class families.
fake	Newt Gingrich says electric co-ops and credit unions are government-sponsored enterprises like Freddie Mac.
fake	Illegal immigration costs our country more than $113 billion a year.
real	The U.S. Supreme Court has not traditionally asked a lot of questions during oral arguments.
fake	(Barack Obama) says hes going to reduce the long-term debt and deficit by $4 trillion, doesnt say how hes going to do it.
real	As a result of climate change, ice fishermen in Wisconsin are already noticing fewer days they can be out on our ice covered lakes.
real	In Libya, America spent $2 billion total and didnt lose a single life.
real	More than 50 percent of immigrants from (El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras) use at least one major welfare program once they get here.
fake	A few months into office, (President Barack Obama) traveled around the globe to apologize for America.
fake	I have never asked for nor received a single earmark or pork barrel project for my state.
real	Says David Dewhurst explicitly advocated a guest worker program for all illegal immigrants.
real	The average unemployed American has been out of work for almost 40 weeks.
real	Says Obama called Medicaid broken four years ago.
real	The Congressional Budget Office, a nonpartisan office, did an analysis and said that passing comprehensive immigration reform will reduce the federal deficit by $200 billion over the next decade.
fake	Oregons Umpqua Community College where the shooting occurred was a gun-free zone.
fake	When White House communications director Anita Dunn said that Mao Tse-tung was one of her favorite philosophers, only Fox News picked that up.
real	Over the last 15 months, weve added more than 2 million jobs in the private sector. Thats far in excess of what it was in the comparable period after the last recession.
real	If President Barack Obama strikes a nuclear deal with Iran, the next president could revoke such an executive agreement with the stroke of a pen and future Congresses could modify the terms of the agreement at any time.
fake	Says new estimates from the Congressional Budget Office conclude the final price-tag for the health care law will exceed $2 trillion more than double what was initially reported.
fake	Says it probably costs more than $300,000 to run for a seat on the Pedernales Electric Cooperative board of directors.
fake	U.S. police killed more people in just one month than the U.K.s did in over a century.
real	Proposed fees for Rhode Island beaches will still be less than some of the town beaches.
fake	Since President Obama took office in January 2009, the federal government has issued more than 468,500 pages of regulations.
real	Says car insurance rates have decreased since about a decade ago because of market-based solutions that attracted more auto insurers to New Jersey.
fake	SayPresident George W. Bush borrowed $1.37 trillion of Social Security surplus revenue to pay for his tax cuts for the rich and his war in Iraq and never paid it back.
fake	Obama voted "to cut off funding for our American troops on the battlefield."
fake	Some city of Atlanta employees have not had raises in eight years.
real	Says TriMet spends $10.3 million in police contracts a year for 56 transit police who must respond to non-transit calls
real	Mike Pence voted against expanding the Childrens Health Insurance program, which Hillary helped to start.
real	Austin has more lobbyists working for it than any other municipality in Texas.
real	One would have to go back more than a century to find a scenario where a presidents nominee for the Supreme Court was confirmed by the opposition party in the Senate when the vacancy occurred during an election year.
real	About 230,000 people that were on unemployment when I took office are not on unemployment now.
fake	Between 1990 and 2013, the maternal mortality rate for women in the U.S. has increased by 136%.
real	Access for 12,000 women to use Planned Parenthood -- not for the right to choose, but for basic health care -- was taken away by Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker and Lt. Gov. Rebecca Kleefisch.
real	The President has decided to move forward with executive actions on immigration that he has said on numerous occasions that he didnt have the constitutional power to take.
fake	Bill Nelsons vote for the Affordable Care Act cuts $500 billion from Medicare to pay for new government programs.
fake	The only growth sector that weve had in the last two years in America is government growth.
fake	Upwards of 90 percent of women seeking an abortion decide not to have an abortion after seeing an ultrasound.
fake	The job [of correctional officer] lowers your life expectancy . . . Metropolitan did a study in, I believe it was 1998, and the life expectancy was 58.
real	Ken Buck wants to outlaw abortion, even in cases of rape or incest.
real	According to Wikipedia, there are only five countries in the entire planet that are more unequal than the United States in the distribution of our wealth.
real	Says Marco Rubio is proposing a new $1 trillion welfare program in tax credits and $1 trillion in new military spending.
real	Quite frankly, it was during the Bush years of spending, multiplied now by the Obama years that we have this mess.
real	Two months ago, Donald Trump said that ISIS was not our fight.
fake	There is a 34 percent increase in violent crime in the state of California. And thats just within the last year.
fake	The payday loan industry does not exist in a state like Minnesota.
fake	Says Every legislative district in the state has at least one craft brewery and countless home brewers.
real	Were now the No. 1 producer of oil in the world. Weve surpassed Saudi Arabia.
fake	Ron Klein repeatedly voted in favor of amnesty for illegal immigrants.
fake	Rhode Islands unemployment insurance system is the most expensive such system in the country.
fake	Says Newt Gingrich has said that we should make the 11 million illegal workers that are in this country legal.
fake	The Obama White House is renaming Christmas trees "holiday trees."
fake	Under the DREAM Act, after two years of higher education or military service you are eligible for citizenship. Once a citizen, this paves the way to bring the rest of (your) extended family to the United States.
fake	Says an investigative report concluded Ken Cuccinelli should have been prosecuted for disclosure violations, but Virginias law was too weak.
real	A federal judge said President Barack Obamas executive action on immigration is unconstitutional.
fake	Democrats plan to keep student loan interest rates low by raising taxes on small businesses, very small businesses the kinds of small businesses that give jobs to graduates.
real	Bernie Sanders voted against the Brady Bill -- background checks and waiting periods.
real	Obama said his proposed $1,000 emergency energy rebate "will be enough to offset the increased cost of gas for a working family over the next 4 months."
real	While introducing Donald Trump, former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani omitted the September 11, 2001, strikes as a successful terrorist attack during the eight years before President Obamas 2008 election.
real	I am now the No. 2 member of this House in terms of length of service.
real	Says Texas is last in mental health expenditures.
real	Says David Dewhurst skipped nine candidate forums after announcing his U.S. Senate candidacy.
real	(Koch Industries) is among the worst in toxic air pollution in the entire United States ... and churns out more climate-changing greenhouse gases than oil giants Chevron, Shell and Valero.
fake	The failed economic policies of President Barack Obama, the Democrats and the Federal Reserve are making gas prices higher while Americas economy is running on fumes.
fake	It was Hillary Clinton who left Americans in harms way in Benghazi and after four Americans fell said, What difference at this point does it make?
fake	Harambe received 15,000 votes in the presidential election.
fake	Ninety million Americans either arent working or arent looking for work.
real	Forty percent of gross domestic product is state, local, or federal money.
real	We have the lowest percentage of Americans actually holding a job in 40 years.
real	Says Scott Walker wants to make abortion illegal, even in cases of rape, incest or to protect the life of the mother.
real	Since the United States began negotiations with Iran, thats probably the first year and a half in which Iran has not advanced its nuclear program in the last decade.
fake	We came out against Deepwater and everybody is now paying for [the project] in their electric bills.
fake	The Obama administration is unwinding our nations welfare-to-work requirements.
fake	Says President Barack Obama himself has granted waivers allowing into the United States refugees who provided material support to terrorists.
fake	Ive never supported a payroll tax.
fake	I am the only candidate for lieutenant governor to oppose in-state tuition for illegal immigrants.
fake	Im well aware that medical marijuana is a recognized, medical, viable treatment for this sort of [pancreas] pain condition.
fake	Under last years health care reform, a bunch of bureaucrats decide whether you get care, such as continuing on dialysis or cancer chemotherapy.
real	Debt has almost doubled in Austin under Gov. Perry.
fake	There's no evidence anywhere that offshore drilling has hurt tourism in any area where it has been allowed.
fake	Morgan Griffith fought for a plan that would have taken money away from our schools and given it to Northern Virginia schools instead.
fake	These are radical Islamic terrorists, and (Hillary Clinton) wont even mention the word.
real	The Obama administration notified Poland and the Czech Republic about cancellation of major missile-defense facilities "at the last minute in midnight phone calls."
real	If you look at the three people on the (debate) stage from the United States Senate, all three of them have a combined two bills that became law that theyve sponsored.
fake	Under Barack Obama and the big government economy, the median wage for women has dropped $733.
fake	At a minimum, 40 percent of those who view child pornography end up molesting children as a result.
fake	Says Syrian refugees are not being vetted, and the FBI is not even being told where they are.
fake	Not even old Gen. Eisenhower saluted military personnel as president.
fake	The Congressional Budget Office most recently came out and analyzed the current (health care) plan and said that it was not only deficit-neutral, but also that over 10 years it would create a $6 billion surplus.
fake	The debt-ceiling bill doesnt cut the debt. It will add about $7 trillion in new debt over the next 10 years.
real	TSA WILL ACCEPT DRIVERS PRIV CARDS FOR ID AT THE AIRPORT
real	Earmarks requested in a federal spending bill included $277,000 for potato pest management in Wisconsin.
fake	This incident of supposed feces depicting a swastika on the wall of a bathrooms in one of the halls ... has been supported by zero fact.
real	Says the U.S. Department of Homeland Security must report to about 100 congressional committees and subcommittees.
real	When I became president and CEO of Godfathers Pizza, it was supposed to go bankrupt . . . We turned it around with common-sense business principles.
fake	Says President Barack Obamas overturning of the Mexico City Policy means federal tax dollars can be used to fund abortion all over the world.
fake	Says he didnt call Dr. George Tiller a baby killer, as liberal groups charge, but was merely reporting what some prolifers branded him.
real	Recent reports state that the U.S. Customs and Border Protection has apprehended several members of known Islamist terrorist organizations crossing the southern border in recent years.
fake	National studies are already showing the negative effects that the health care law is having on businesses and our economy. Businesses across the country are raising their prices (or) cutting jobs as a result of the added cost.
real	Now, there was a time when someone like Scalia and Ginsburg got 95-plus votes.
fake	Were second only to Boston in college students per capita.
real	Says Donald Trump said the U.S. should encourage Japan to get nuclear weapons.
fake	Says House Republicans tried to change the definition of rape.
fake	The majority last quarter of Sherrod Browns campaign contributions came from outside of the state of Ohio.
real	John McCain voted against funding the troops because of . . . a timeline in it to draw down American troops.
real	There were more job losses per month in the last three months under President Bush than in the past three months under President Obama.
fake	The government is trying to now close the Lincoln Memorial for any kind of large gatherings.
real	Georgia has some of the highest gas taxes in the Southeast but one of the lowest taxes on gasoline for transportation in the nation.
fake	Harry Reids plan is basically giving the president a blank check.
real	Hillary Clinton advocates "a freeze on foreclosures. Barack Obama said no."
fake	Under current policies, were going to reduce the overall debt of the United States by $3 trillion over the next 10 years.
real	Fifty percent of kids coming out of school cant get a job.
real	I had an uncle ... who was part of the first American troops to go into Auschwitz and liberate the concentration camps.
real	Says a federal judge sanctions Tennessee birther lawyer for bringing a frivolous lawsuit.
fake	Says Gov. Rick Scott lost Florida 331,247 jobs.
fake	You had supported John McCain's military strategies pretty adamantly until this race.
fake	Bill White is discriminating. Hes taking jobs from African Americans and giving them to his friends.
real	We have the highest corporate tax rate in the world. Its 35 percent.
fake	Harry Reid has voted to give illegals Social Security benefits even for the time they were here illegally.
fake	Says that in a hearing, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords suggested to Gen. David Petraeus that the Army put more emphasis on less environmentally damaging methods, like stabbing or clubbing enemy forces in order to minimize the carbon output.
real	A government shutdown could disrupt ... veterans benefits.
fake	Three presidents in the last century Harding, Kennedy and Reagan all cut taxes during recessions and produced "rapid and dramatic economic recoveries," while two, Herbert Hoover and Barack Obama, did "the opposite."
real	Currently it costs more than a penny for the U.S. Mint to make a one cent coin and more than a nickel to make the five cent piece.
real	There are fewer people crossing (the southwest) border than in the last 30 years.
fake	At the mere request from Putin, President Obama withdrew the plans for a missile defense program based in Poland and the Czech Republic.
fake	We have a director of homeland security who cannot use and will not use the term 'terrorist attack' but instead substitutes 'man-made disaster.'
real	Two-thirds of our economy is a consumer economy.
fake	Says Gov. Rick Scott cut nearly $1 million from mosquito control and closed down the states mosquito research lab a few years ago.
fake	The only time government employment has gone down during a recession has been under me.
fake	President Barack Obama met with Iranian president Hassan Rouhani.
real	Just in the past 10 years, college tuition has increased 28 percent.
fake	There havent been tax cuts for the rich in Rhode Island.
fake	The 48, 49 percent that supports President Barack Obama are people who pay no income tax.
fake	An image in a ChrisAbele TV ad depicts wealthy citizens who would benefit from a lake created by the controversial Estabrook Dam.
fake	A legacy of taxing and borrowing crippled the economy we inherited two years ago.
fake	Bill McCollum voted for higher taxes and fees 42 times while he was in Congress.
fake	Only the State of New York spends more money on Medicaid than the State of New Jersey.
fake	Says Adam Hasner gives the wealthy tax breaks worth $250,000 a year but hikes middle class taxes $2,000.
fake	Gov. Rick Perry used $3.2 billion in stimulus dollars for schools to plug other holes in his budget.
fake	Congresswoman Kathy Castor voted to spend $2.6 million to teach prostitutes in China to drink responsibly.
real	AIG said they were giving $57 million (in retention payments) to people who were being terminated.
real	Says she stopped Capital Metro from raising fares for senior and disabled citizens.
fake	Says Target installed urinals in a womens bathroom to accommodate the ones who have giblets.
fake	Harry Reid has voted to give special tax breaks to illegal aliens.
fake	The Bush administration had been giving (auto companies) billions of dollars and just asking nothing in return.
fake	Prior to Obamacare here in Wisconsin, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. After Obamacare, 95 percent of Wisconsinites were covered by insurance. It hasnt had an impact.
fake	A picture shows former President Bill Clinton naked with another woman.
fake	Says $500 billion in Medicare cuts are coming.
fake	Saysproposal to boostteacherpension fundputs no mandate on local government.
real	Says he turned down a Medicaid expansion under Obamacare, but because of actions he took, for the first time in Wisconsins history everyone living in poverty is covered under Medicaid.
real	Greece has a GDP the size of the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.
fake	Our veterans, in many cases, are being treated worse than illegal immigrants.
fake	We know that President Obama stole over $500 billion out of Medicare to switch it over to Obamacare.
fake	The St. Norbert College/Wisconsin Public Radio poll has been wrong in almost every election.
fake	Obamacare already has caused millions of hardworking Virginians to lose their health insurance.
fake	After not having any foreign trade offices overseas for the past decade, New Jersey opened offices in Shanghai and London in the past six months, and has seen an 18 percent increase in exports.
fake	Says Ocean Spray is moving its Bordentown processing facility to Pennsylvania largely because of costs associated with the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.
fake	Says the National Labor Relations Board told Boeing that it couldnt build a factory in South Carolina because South Carolina is a right-to-work state.
fake	Bryce Reeves chaired a group bankrolled by a New York billionaire who fired hundreds of Virginia workers and sent their jobs to China.
fake	Says Joe Kyrillos voted to raid the states pension funds by $2.8 billion that is costing New Jersey taxpayers still today to the tune of nearly $15 billion dollars to repay that money.
real	When we've got CEOs making more in 10 minutes than ordinary workers are making in a year ... then something is wrong.
fake	Gov. Chris Christie owes the state money for amenities like extra Gorgonzola cheese for his staff on these trips.
fake	The congressional district for Miami-Dade and Broward counties has a staggering drop-out rate of almost 61 percent.
fake	Says that while President Barack Obama promised to work with your employer to lower your premiums by $2,500 per family per year, his health care law raises premiums in the individual market by $2,100 per family.
fake	We have been confronted with an unexpected storm that has hit the metropolitan area.
real	Because of the 2011 debt ceiling fight, the stock market lost 2,000 points.
fake	I finished the controversyabout wherePresident Barack Obama was born.
fake	Our federal government has lent $2 billion to the state-owned oil company of Brazil to allow them to explore for oil and gas.
real	Theyve seen employer-supported coverage increase in Massachusetts after this law (Romneycare) was implemented.
fake	Says Rick Perry is spending more money than the state takes in, covering his deficits with record borrowing.
real	Hurricane Irene was the second-largest storm to hit North America in terms of power outages -- and the first hurricane to make landfall in New Jersey since 1904.
fake	Lee Zeldin missed 2/3rds of Veterans Affairs Hearings
real	Says an array of statistics show that conditions in some parts of Baltimore rival that of the West Bank in Palestine, North Korea, and distressed cities in Nigeria, India, China and South Africa.
real	Says the Portland Childrens Levy holds its administrative expenses to less than 5 percent.
real	During the past four years, average wages have barely budged.
fake	Obama plans "a tax increase for everyone earning more than $42,000 a year."
fake	There's no rationing in any of these bills.
real	Ive even cut my own salary -- twice.
real	Almost every poll has shown that Sanders vs. Trump does a lot better than Clinton vs. Trump and, thats true nationally.
fake	Our larger domestic threat is from racial supremacist groups.
real	Tim Kaine, as governor, proposed tax increases on people earning as little as $17,000.
real	Washington cannot hide from the fact that Congress hiked the national debt ceiling to $14.3 trillion. They cannot hide from the fact . . . that the budget that theyre going forward with has more than a $5 trillion in debt in it over the next five years.
fake	The Massachusetts health care plan is wildly unpopular among state residents.
real	Says there have been no cases of wolves killing people in Rocky Mountain states.
fake	The proportion of Rhode Islanders entering substance abuse treatment primarily due to marijuana use has reached its highest point in 20 years.
fake	Mike Morell testified and told Congress that the reason Obama has not bombed ISISoil fields is theyre concerned about global warming.
fake	Ohios credit rating is as high as you can get, AA+.
real	Says Abraham Lincoln tried to buy slavesfreedom in border states, but the states all rejected it.
real	Like Marco Rubio, Sen. Barack Obama had one of the worst attendance records in the Senate.
real	A hundred percent of all the jobs lost during the recession have been reclaimed in Texas while the nation is at about 36 percent.
real	Guantanamo detainees get taxpayer-paid-for prayer rugsthey had honey-glazed chicken and rice pilaf.
real	The gap between the very rich and everyone else in America is wider today than at any time since the 1920s.
real	Child care costs in some states now exceed the average price tag for college tuition.
fake	Obama raises taxes on seniors (and) hard-working families to give welfare to those who pay none.
real	Toledo Mayor Mike Bell (once) lost his job as a firefighter because his city ran out of money.
real	The CIA paid two psychologists $81 million to develop and run their torture program.
real	The United States currently has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
real	Hospitals, doctors, MRIs, surgeries and so forth are more extensively used and far more expensive in this country than they are in many other countries.'' health-care mitt-romney Former governor Massachusetts republican 34 32 58 33 19 a Fox News Sunday interview
real	Since 2001, higher education in the state has been cut or allowed to erode ... by 35 or 40 percent.
real	I wake up every morning in a house (the White House) that was built by slaves.
real	Proposed federal regulations would affect every streetsign in the country
fake	The Democratic majority led the 111th Congress to spend more money in two years than the first 100 congresses before them combined.
real	In exchange for five minutes with Bill Clinton, the government of Qatar was going to give $1 million to the Clinton Foundation.
fake	This year in Congress (Connie Mack IV) has missed almost half of his votes.
real	Congressman Ryan has secured a grand total of $116,838,763 to date (for the Mahoning Valley) and has an additional $27,095,000 pending in FY2010 spending bills.
fake	Oregon has the sixth highest combined death tax rate in the country.
real	Gov. Rick Scotts sale of the state planes was not proper.
fake	Gene Green is the NRAs favorite Democrat in Congress. ... Its no wonder the congressman has a lifetime A rating from the NRA.
real	More Americans have died from guns in the United States since 1968 than on battlefields of all the wars in American history.
fake	After Texas defunded Planned Parenthood, both the unintended pregnancy and abortion rates dropped.
fake	Providences port is 200 miles closer to Europe than any other Eastern port.
real	There are close to 900,000 unemployed veterans in America right now.
real	Closing the tobacco loophole would save Missouri taxpayers $50,000,000
fake	The Obama administration manipulated deportation data to make it appear that the Border Patrol was deporting more illegal immigrants than the Bush administration.
fake	Says that in 2007, Oregon ranked 25th -- or 7th from the bottom -- in percentage of children with untreated decay compared to 32 other states with similar data.
fake	Steve Santarsiero wrote PAs Gun Safety Law.
real	Since 2008, Gwinnett Countys population has grown 15 percent, while the county government staff has increased only 1 percent.
fake	The stimulus bill promised to keep unemployment under 8%.
fake	Says the Clintons burst through their own self-pronounced guidelines by acceptingforeign donations.There is a clip of Bill Clinton saying were not going to take foreign donations.
fake	President Obamas health care law says when you sell your house now you have to pay a 3.8 percent tax.
fake	Peter DeFazio will sneak in a 1 percent tax on all banking transactions.
fake	For the amount of money Hillary Clinton would like to spend on refugees, we could rebuild every inner city in America.
fake	Says that all those who do not answer directly to the president, theyve said (repealing Dont Ask, Dont Tell) is a terrible idea.
fake	Says it cost Massachusetts taxpayers $100,000 when Mitt Romney and his staff purchased computer hard drives.
real	Within just a few years, immigration as a share of national population is set to break all historical records.
real	Says the military accounts for about 10 percent of Floridas economy.
fake	There are no earmarks in the stimulus bill.
fake	On Syria, alot of the allies signed on. At the last minute, Obama backed off.
fake	One of every two Wisconsin residents are on some kind of government handout.
real	Says Hillary Clinton wants to increase Syrian refugees to this country by 550 percent.
real	Poverty among Americans 65 and over is statistically unchanged in recent years because of Social Security.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton wants to bring in thousands of refugees to America from all around the world without any kind of security screening.
real	Gov. Pence said, inarguably, Vladimir Putin is a better leader than President Obama.
fake	On opposing any and all efforts to increase taxes.
real	Austin is a city that has basically doubled in size every 25 years or so since it was founded.
real	Says a recent study shows Florida students are second in the world in fourth grade reading, behind Singapore.
fake	Cities like Seattle have decided to ban food carts.
fake	Phoenix, Ariz., is the No. 2 kidnapping capital of the world.
real	The Keystone pipeline creates 35 permanent jobs after construction, according to a government report.
fake	Says its not accidental that the villain in the Batman movie is named Bane.
real	We are poised to get rid of over 1,000 more regulations in 2012.
real	For the last decade, Floridians salaries have shrunk substantially when adjusted for inflation.
real	Number of Americans killed by terrorism in the last decade: 24. Number of Americans killed by guns in the last decade: 280,024.
fake	Texas high school graduation rate went from 27th in the country in 2002, to second highest in the country in 2013.
real	All the money the Department of Citrus has is paid for by the citrus growers. You dont save dollars by eliminating the Department of Citrus.
real	The overall fact about illegal immigration is that its not actually getting worse.
fake	They (Clinton and Obama) have never to my knowledge been involved in legislation nor hearings nor engagement on this issue (climate change).
fake	Says Gov. Scott Walker has made Wisconsin 2nd in the nation in losing jobs.
fake	The Americans for Tax Reform pledge relates to new taxes that were going to be initiated by legislative action.
real	Congressman John Lewis, an American hero, made allegations that Sarah Palin and I were somehow associated with ... the worst chapter in American history. ... And, Senator Obama, you didn't repudiate those remarks.
real	The Common Core was not put together by the Department of Education in Washington. It was put together by governors and by states.
fake	Senator Robert Hurt voted for a bill thats raised your electric rates seven times.
fake	The U.S. government spends less on energy innovation "than the pet food industry invests in its own products."
fake	Congress has cut funding, has slashed funding, for veterans benefits over these last years.
fake	Says House Republicans spent $50 million on 33 votes to repeal Obamacare.
real	Our own National Security Agency says that (Iran's) nuclear ambitions are advancing, and at the same time ... we are slashing our own nuclear arsenal.
real	Texas spends more per day to house an inmate than we do on a student.
real	Three out of the 18 benchmarks of the (GAO) have been fulfilled. Even among Republican math, that is a failing grade.
real	Ohio is losing over 700 family farms a year, some of them just to pay the inheritance tax.
fake	There was just about zero press coverage of the 2007 Bush White House email controversy.
real	Net immigration from Mexico last year was zero. Fact-check me.
fake	Says that as president, Barack Obama has not gone to the Texas-Mexico border
real	Fox News barely covered (the Duggar family) scandal until Megyn Kelly was able to secure this interview.
fake	Says 15,000 IRS employees have to be added to administer ObamaCare and look at the tax implications.
fake	Says that his transportation budget and Ohio Turnpike plan would make sure we have lower tolls than weve had through the history of the turnpike.
fake	We defied the stand-down orders during the Benghazi attack.
fake	90% of rural women and 55% of all women are illiterate in Morocco.
fake	The amount of interest paid on the federal debt exceeds total tax revenue.
fake	Bill McCollum diverted a state plane to his home 53 times. A state auditor called it: likely a misuse of state resources.
fake	Because of President Barack Obamas failure to push job creation, the black unemployment rate in Ferguson, Mo., is three times higher than the white unemployment rate.
real	Says Fox News gave Republicansenators twice the air time as Democrats during a hearing about theIslamic State.
fake	Says a federal plan to expand Medicaid would cost Florida taxpayers $26 billion over 10 years.
real	When he was asked a few years ago whether he could see himself lifting the cap on the payroll tax, (McCain) said, 'I could.' But today he's attacking me for holding the very same position.
real	Says out-of-state abortion clinics have marketed their services to minors in states with parental consent laws.
fake	In Wisconsin, more than 300,000 people have some kind of addictive gambling problem, whether its pathological or what wed categorize as a problem gambler.
real	Illegal immigration is lower than its been in 40 years.
real	In Iran in 1979, the extremists hijacked the broad-based popular revolution against the Shah and established a brutal theocracy.
real	Federal regulations required the changes to Georgias drivers license renewal process.
fake	McCain opposed the border fence.
real	The budget I managed at the Department of Education was more than $60 million.
fake	Says state Sen. Randy Hopper, R-Fond du Lac, unlike typical taxpayers, didnt pay taxes
fake	The man who killed a motorist who fatally struck a 2-year-old was back on the street because he had received a 13-year sentence for bank robbery but only served two years.
real	The five Taliban detainees being released from Guantanamo in exchange for captured Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl are the hardest of the hard-core. These are the highest high-risk people.
fake	Says the Hawaii governor cant find anything that says (President Barack Obama) was born in Hawaii.
real	Forty percent of the undocumented workers in this country entered the U.S. legally and overstayed their visa.
real	Hillsboroughs Public Transportation Commission has a rule that says cabbies have to wear socks. I mean, please. Come on.
fake	Says Texas U.S. Rep. Pete Sessions said the GOPs goal is to go back to the same exact policies that were in place before this president took office... policies that crashed the economy.
fake	There were 36 states where Republicans who were in charge refused to implement a state (health insurance) exchange.
real	After the shootings of Dallas policemen, nearly 500 people applied in just 12 days.
fake	Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting without consultation or input from the company to stop the sale of Buckyballs.
fake	Signs letter saying Consumer Product Safety Commission is acting without consultation or input from the company to stop the sale of Buckyballs.
real	Texas ranks third in teen pregnancies... and it is No. 1 in repeat teen pregnancies.
real	Says the United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the world.
fake	When Standard Poors dropped our credit rating, what they said is, we dont have an ability to repay our debt. ... I was proved right in my position that the debt ceiling should not have been raised.
fake	I was banned from talking about Bill Ayers during the 2008 presidential campaign.
fake	The No. 2 owner of Fox News is Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, who said, A strong American Government is not good for us.
real	DeKalb County has cut more money from its general fund budget than any local government in the Atlanta metro region.
fake	The Muslim Brotherhood has openly stated they want to declare war on Israel.
real	Millions of dollars are spent by Planned Parenthood to elect Democrats to the House of Representatives and the Senate.
fake	Letting the Bush tax cuts expire would raise taxes on small businesses.
real	Its the first time in the nation this many members have been drawn (by a Legislature) into the same districts where it wasnt a court order.
real	Says Donald Trump says climate change is a hoax invented by the Chinese.
fake	On disaster aid offsets
fake	If you look worldwide, the number of terrorist incidents have not substantially increased.
real	Connecticuts take on slot machines is 25 cents on the dollar. And the states take on table games: zero.
real	Tommy Thompson wanted to implant data chips in humans.
real	Without a Medicaid expansion, 275,000 more Ohioans could be getting their primary care in emergency rooms, costing everybody a lot of money.
fake	In 1972, we had a 179,000 human beings in jail in this country. Today, it's 2.3-million, and 70 percent of them are black, African-American.
real	Texas has the highest rate of uninsured in the nation. ... And there are more uninsured children in Texas than in any other state.
fake	Now, in the House of Representatives, we have 40 different jobs bills that have passed and almost all of them have been bipartisan.
real	Texas had the worst voter participation in the country in the November 2014 elections.
fake	Says Mary Burkes 2007-09 state budget had a tax hike of $1.8 billion -- costing every man, woman and child in the state an extra $310.
fake	U.S. Rep. Jim Langevin didn't want a border fence to block illegal immigration "because he is afraid that someone will get hurt trying to go around the fence."
fake	Planned Parenthood has now (been) found to also illegally sell baby parts.
real	In 2012, Connie Mack missed 178 votes, one of the worst voting records in Congress.
fake	Democratic Reps. Cicilline, Boswell, Carnahan and Critz demanded that Congress vote to increase the nations debt limit without making any spending cuts.
real	The House of Delegates budget bill cuts $50 million from education.
real	The unemployment rate among blacks in Texas is 9.5% -- far more than double white unemployment -- and wages have fallen for black workers in Texas since 2000.
fake	A bill by Earl Blumenauer would mandate GPS tracking devices on all our vehicles.
fake	Says President Barack Obama attacked potential terrorist targets in Syria in the middle of the night to minimize terrorist casualties.
fake	As a state representative, David Cicilline argued against Megans Law and voted against mandatory registration of sex offenders.
fake	I never supported a state income tax for Texas.
real	Says that when the Rolling Stones performed in an Austin park, they paid $25,000 to the nearby city of Rollingwood for one night of inconvenience.
fake	Says Mitt Romney plans to fire Big Bird.
real	Sherrod Brown has been running for public office since Richard Nixon was president.
fake	Some billionaires have a tax rate as low as 1 percent.
real	Paul Ryans budget keeps the Obamacare taxes and spending cuts that paid for Obamacare, but then cuts all of the benefits.
fake	Says of flood of non-Mexicans being apprehended at the border: These are people that are coming from states like Syria that have substantial connections back to terrorist regimes and terrorist operations.
real	Currently, the intelligence community can collect business records on law-abiding Americans who have no connection to terrorism.
real	Since 1978, college tuition nationwide has gone up something like four times the rate of inflation.
real	Says Paul Ryan voted for two wars that were unpaid for, voted for the Bush tax cuts that were unpaid for, voted for the prescription drug bill that cost as much as my health care bill -- but wasnt paid for.
fake	In Rhode Island, 9 percent of workers use the states temporary disability insurance program each year while in New Jersey, the rate is only 3 percent.
real	Mark Kirks claim of national security expertise is based on his military record which he lied about at least 10 times.
fake	Barack Hussein Obama will ... force courts to accept Islamic Sharia law in domestic disputes.
real	Says he has sued the Obama administration 25 times.
fake	20,000 Kansans lost their health insurance because of (Obamacare).
fake	CNN accidentally aired 30 minutes of pornography in Boston on Thanksgiving night.
fake	The average cost for health insurance in Florida went from about $600 a month for an individual to about $150 a month.
fake	The conviction rate is almost exactly the same for whites and blacks who commit murder.
real	When we moved into the White House, we had the lowest net worth of any family since Harry Truman.
real	A record number of immigrants not from Mexico are being apprehended at the border.
fake	Says Democratic state Sen. Jim Holperin voted against a property tax freeze in 2009 and then voted for a $1.5 billion property tax hike.
real	Says Adam Hasners record includes requesting over $92.2 million in earmarks.
fake	For the new state budget, "Floridians have sent us $3 billion less of their funding."
real	Initial efforts to strip airport contractors of their special diversity status has no effect on the contracts or the citys diversity goals.
fake	Says he voted to remove Common Core from our schools.
fake	Says President Obama said of the national debt, If I dont have this done in three years, then theres going to be a one-term proposition.
real	Says that the new financial services law requires 358 regulatory filings.
real	Says Gov. Scott Walkers proposed reduction in university spending is about the size of the one under Democratic Gov. Jim Doyle, but Democrats didnt treat Doyles cut as so dire.
fake	POTUS economists: Stimulus Has Cost $278,000 per job.
real	Says Obama broke his promise to offer a comprehensive immigration bill in his first year.
fake	The brutal fact is, when it comes to education, America is slipping behind other nations.
fake	The most likely triggering cause of (microcephaly) is the DTaP shot, a vaccine that had been recently mandated by the Brazilian government to be injected into pregnant women.
fake	The media widely overlooked comments made by former President Bill Clinton that Hillary Clinton had a terrible concussion that took six months to recover from.
fake	The crime decline in the United States would be fairly small if it wasn't for the crime decline in New York City.
fake	Sen. Hutchison abandoned Republicans and stood with Democrats to ensure health care legislation would pass quickly.
fake	Metro on whether it could use bond money for restoration.
real	Says there have been 50 million abortions since Roe v. Wade was decided.
real	More than 9,000 Rhode Island voters used the Moderate Party master lever mechanism and they didnt have a single Moderate on their ballot.
fake	Says area near proposed northern Wisconsin iron ore mine is 15 hours away from where public hearing on mining was held.
fake	On support of Gov. John Kasichs drilling tax plan
real	Says Secretary of State John Kerry, when he was a senator, flew to Managua and met with a communist dictator there, Daniel Ortega, and accused the Reagan administration of engaging in terrorism.
fake	A Congressional Budget Office report says President Barack Obamas executive order to raise the minimum wage for new federal contract workers will cost the economy 500,000 jobs.
fake	Says U.S. Rep. John Barrow, D-Ga., celebrates gun ownership even in the face of school shootings.
fake	Says Denmarks suicide rate has been about twice as high as the United States over the past five decades.
fake	Tuition-free public universities and colleges are just a pipe dream. False. They were both free up until the Vietnam War.
fake	Gov. Romney's own health care plan in Massachusetts ... requires by law that a representative from Planned Parenthood sit on the MassHealth advisory board.
fake	Says Rep. Michele Bachmann said President Barack Obama might be to blame for the Fort Hood shootings.
real	Obamacare carries on even under a government shutdown.
real	Weve had Muslims in America since George Washington.
real	No member of the American public has ever been killed by commercial nuclear power a record unmatched by other fuels.
fake	The money the Clinton Foundation took from from foreign governments while Hillary Clinton was secretary of state is clearly illegal. The Constitution says you cant take this stuff.
fake	Says that as a U.S. senator, Scott Brown delivered for Wall Street, saving big banks $19 billion in taxes.
real	Of the 10,000 Rhode Island children in charter school lotteries for the fall, more than 70 percent are poor .... In addition, a majority of them are students of color.
fake	I recently had the opportunity to vote to give the president limited authority to begin strikes against terrorists in Iraq and Syria.
real	Already, a prototype driverless car has traveled more than 300,000 miles in the crowded maze of California streets without a single accident.
fake	We have more kids take the SAT than any other state in the nation. I mean a high percentage of our kids take the SAT.
fake	There were $2 billion in earmarks in fiscal year 2012.
real	Says Missouri families earning power is about $5,000 less today than it was at the turn of the century.
real	Today many Florida teachers are at risk of having their pay impacted by the performance of children who are not even in their classrooms or subject areas.
fake	Every time you buy an airline ticket, the federal government runs a background check on you.
fake	This is the first time since World War II that five nuclear-powered aircraft carriers were docked together.
fake	The Richardson-Denish administration gave 50,000 drivers licenses to illegal immigrants in New Mexico.
fake	We have 395 inmates pushed into triple-bunked cells intended for two inmates and bunked in classrooms and areas supposed to be designated for inmate labor.
fake	Says Sheldon Whitehouse said on Senate floor: Everybody in Rhode Island who disagrees with me about Obamacare is an Aryan, is a white supremacist.
fake	Sen. McCain's economic plan gives nearly $4-billion in tax breaks to the oil companies but doesn't provide any tax relief to more than 100-million middle-class families.
fake	Says Donald Trump is going to go out and carpet bomb the Middle East.
fake	Said former U.S. Ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration was forced to resign two years ago because of his personal use of emails.
fake	Says Gov. Rick Perrys administration has proposed ending immunizations for 113,000 kids.
fake	The White House branded the memorial service for the Tucson shootings with a Together We Thrive logo and slogan.
fake	Shows in a television ad that police took evidence fromSolantic, Rick Scotts new health care company, after allegations emerged that the company was engaging in fraud.
fake	Tom Barrett voted for the largest tax increase in history ... raising taxes on gas and Social Security.
real	Says Obama flip-flopped on warrantless wiretapping.
fake	Says Israel Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu didnt change his position on a two-state solution.
real	Says U.S. Sen. Ron Johnson doesnt even believe that theres a man-made role in climate change.
real	Republicans extended unemployment insurance under President Bush when he asked to extend unemployment insurance.
fake	The Iran deal trusts the Iranians to inspect themselves.
fake	After the 9/11 terrorist attacks grounded commercial air traffic, there was a temperature drop while the airplanes werent flying, for the week afterwards.
fake	President Barack Obama ordered our military to enlist illegal aliens.
fake	New Jersey alone, my home state, is facing a ten-and-a-half billion dollar shortfall in its 2012 fiscal budget. This means more cuts in state and local spending for education, which means our kids are hurt.
fake	You know how many children in the history of the United States have died in a fire (at school)? Zero.
fake	Abortionists have reduced our black population by more than 25 percent since 1973.
fake	Says President Barack Obama added $6.5 trillion to the national debt in his first term, more than the $6.3 trillion added by the previous 43 presidents combined.
real	Ted Cruz defended a Chinese company that stole an invention from an American inventor.
real	Thirty-one percent of school districts are still receiving less funding per pupil than they did prior to the dramatic budget cuts of 2011.
fake	Austin politicians want to cram more kids into classrooms so they dont have to make the tough decisions to balance the budget.
real	President Obama has broken his pledge to the American people to be transparent throughout (health care reform negotiations).
fake	Says Russ Feingold voted to raise taxes on Social Security benefits for seniors, he even tried to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants.
fake	Under Gov. Scott Walker, Wisconsin projected a $1 billion (budget) surplus and it turns out to be a deficit of $2.2 billion.
real	There have not been any public safety issues in cities that allow transgender people to use the bathroom of the gender they identify as.
fake	Says U.S. Rep. Tom Price is sending letters both supporting and opposing the small-business killing Internet Tax Mandate.
fake	Says U.S. Senate candidate Eric Hovde has no problem with raising taxes.
real	One out of every five law enforcement officers thats killed is killed with an assault weapon.
fake	Rick Perry is taking money away from hurricane victims and diverting it to remodel the Governors Mansion.
fake	Says his bill, HB 97, would prevent the use of taxpayer dollars on abortions.
fake	President Obama and liberal former DNC Chairman Tim Kaines $787 billion stimulus failed to create jobs.
fake	Google search spike suggests many people dont know why they voted for Brexit.
real	Mr. President, multiple times from your administration there have come statements that Republicans have no ideas and no solutions on health care.
real	Gov. Rick Perry spent over a million dollars on D.C. lobbyists asking for more federal money and lives in a luxury house that costs taxpayers $10,000 a month.
real	Last year, we saw the first reduction in the federal prison population in 32 years.
real	Pinnacle Overlook in Southwest Virginia is closer to eight other state capitals than to Richmond.
fake	As district attorney, Susan Happ took $180,000 in a shady land deal from a man charged with multiple felony counts of sexual assault before she offered him a deferred prosecution.
fake	Half of children struck by cars near schools are hit by parents driving children to school.
real	Says no city comparable in size to Austin or smaller was broken into as many congressional districts.
fake	Our men and women of the Guard have been forced to contact food banks to feed themselves.
fake	Thanks to (Rick) Perrys bad budgeting, the (Texas) highway department has to convert some modern paved state roads back to gravel.
fake	Lady Gaga announced she would cover her face until Trump gets fired from office.
real	Americans havent had a raise in 15 years.
real	Americans havent had a raise in 15 years.
real	I've cast a couple of 99-1 votes and been the lone dissenter.
real	The stock market has almost tripled since April of 2009.
fake	The Obama administrations green stimulus program funneled close to $2 billion dollars to overseas firms, creating thousands of jobs in China.
fake	Says two-thirds of groups targeted for IRS scrutiny were not conservative.
real	Wisconsins pension system is the only one fully funded in the country.
fake	Estimates say individuals who escaped these high tax states have taken with them around $2 trillion in adjusted gross income.
real	There are actually only 30 countries that practice birthright citizenship.
fake	Says McCain "voted to let governments charge rape victims" for forensic exams.
real	Says of 80,000 people who were denied a firearm in 2012 due to a failed background check, only 44 were prosecuted.
fake	Mark Herring voted to allow sex offenders, including rapists, to serve shorter sentences.
real	Says Texas law requires state agencies to give preference to goods produced and grown in Texas.
fake	Governor Christie, his idea of jumpstarting the economy is to propose a trickle-down income tax cut last year and in his budget address this year, he stated his support for it again.
fake	Six years after unionization, 20,000 fewer children in Illinois were being served by the Child Care and Development Fund program.
real	Says Jeb Bush flip-flop-flip(ped) on immigration.
fake	Gov. Scott Walkers plan to freeze pay for state employees includes a 5.4 percent raise for himself.
real	Says Keene, N.H., requested a military-grade armored personnel truck, citing their annual Pumpkin Festival as a possible target for terrorists.
real	Says there are four super PACs on the Republican side of the Texas U.S. Senate race.
real	What difference, at this point, does it make? I am the guy that got under her skin and provoked that infamous response from Hillary Clinton by asking a pretty simple question, Why didnt you just pick up the phone and call the survivors (of the Benghazi attack)?
real	Says he can be on the ballot for Congress while serving time in jail.
fake	Assertions that it makes no difference whether children are raised by heterosexual or homosexual parents have been shattered by the latest and best social science and research.
real	Numbers on illegal immigrants "are down in terms of apprehensions, which indicates fewer illegal crossings, but also up in terms of actual enforcement actions."
real	2008 was the deadliest year of the war (in Afghanistan) for American forces.
real	Sarah Palin was repeating "Abraham Lincoln's words" in discussing the war in Iraq.
fake	Barack Obama promises higher taxes on "the sale of your home."
real	After taking hundreds of thousands of dollars from Goldman Sachs and other Wall Street banks, (Debbie Wasserman Schultz) has voted to prevent the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from regulating payday loans and addressing racial discrimination in car loans.
real	Neither Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump has a plan to address the civil war in Syria.
real	The federal government only ordered BP to pay "to do one of those six segments" of sand barriers for Louisiana.
real	Sunday liquor sales could generate $3.4 million to $4.8 million a year in additional sales tax revenue for Georgia.
real	Closing our states wage gap would make a $9 billion difference to Missouri women.
real	There is more oil produced at home than we buy from the rest of the world the first time thats happened in nearly 20 years.
real	22 times Barack Obama said he did not have the authority to implement this type of anti-deportation measure. And then the day after he signed this into law, he said, quote, I just changed the law.
real	More people today are leaving Virginia than moving in.
fake	Nevada lawmakers permanently cut taxes for over 95 percent of Nevadas businesses.
fake	Says Kurt Schrader cast the deciding vote that failed to extend tax cuts for Oregons middle-class families and small businesses.
real	Crime in Atlanta is down 18 percent since 2009.
real	Department of Education officials investigating Virginia Tech shootings have not once gotten into the car and driven down to Blacksburg to talk to the police chief or the university president or to anyone else.
real	For what we spend in just one week in Iraq, 800,000 children could get health insurance for an entire year.
real	Before President Obama acted in Libya in 2011, the American people were opposed to military action by 35 to 60. After he took action, they were in support of it 54 to 43.
fake	Health insurance costs for Floridians are up 30 percent or more.
real	Twenty-five percent of our kids in foster care are there because their parents are involved in drugs.
real	In President Barack Obamas 2015 State of the Union address, the words al-Qaida were never used, the first time those words have not been used in a State of the Union address since February 2001.
real	The Georgia Lottery paid out $2.3 billion in prizes during the last fiscal year.
real	A request for "an increase in troops sat on desks in this White House (during the presidency of George W. Bush), including the vice president's, for more than eight months, a resource request filled by President Obama in March."
real	Says hes arrested more criminals, including thousands of child predators and sex offenders, than any previous Texas attorney general.
fake	Says Gov. Chris Christies decision to close the Elizabeth MVC saved no money.
fake	An 11-year-old girl was investigated by the FBI and had to pay a $500 federal criminal fine because she found an injured woodpecker and put it in a cage to make sure that the bird was OK.
fake	The premiums on Medicares prescription drug program have fallen almost every year since it began.
real	The richest 1 percent have more financial wealth than the bottom 95 percent combined.
fake	The states tax burden has, according to census figures released today, cost our state another 190,000 residents in 2009.
real	[E]mployment in Gwinnett is up more than 3 percent over last year, and unemployment is the lowest of the five core metro counties.
real	Speakers at the Democratic National Convention made zero mentions of the global terrorist threat posed by ISIS.
real	Barack Obama won't even use the term 'war on terrorism.'
real	Only 20 percent of Americans admit to being Republicans anymore.
fake	Says a Bureau of Labor Statistics report attributed a sharp increase in work-related fatalities to increasing numbers of employees and drivers could not read or understand warning signs in English.
real	We had 6,000 oil and gas spills in 2012 with more oil and gas spreading in the United States than the entire Exxon Valdez spill.
fake	Clackamas County Commissioners approved a re-negotiated agreement to lower the countys contribution to TriMets Portland-Milwaukie Light Rail project to $19.9 million from $25 million.
real	Barack Obama refuses to acknowledge Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
fake	In 2009, we cut state spending in real terms for the first time in 150 years.
real	George Bush sent people to war without body armor.
real	When Social Security started, age expectancy for the average man was 58. It was 62 -- 62 for women.
real	On immigration, the president said 22 times, 22 times, that he couldnt do what he eventually did.
real	I've spent 20 years devoted to working on behalf of families who are having a tough time and are seeking out the American dream.
real	The Obama administration is using as its legal justification for these airstrikes (on the Islamic State), an authorization for military force that the president himself has called for repeal of.
fake	The average student will be spending $1,700 to $1,800 more during the life of their loan because of this surcharge.
fake	Says CIA Director George Tenet told the Bush administration that the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attack was coming. So they did have advanced notice.
fake	A lot of the problems with forest fires ...is because of bad policy (not to clear out the forests) that was put in place by environmentalists.
real	Nearly half of Hispanic voters in Arizona's last election supported four measures that were "very tough on illegal immigration."
fake	As we near the 10th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, we should not forget that some of the hijackers used New Jersey drivers licenses to board those aircraft.
real	The so-called defense minister of the Peoples Republic of Donetsk ... actually posted a bragging social media posting of having shot down a military transport. And then when it became apparent it was civilian, they pulled it down from social media.
real	Says Donald Trump was asked if he would defend our allies. He said well, first hed want to know if they made any payments to us to defend them.
real	Providence is one of the busiest fire departments for its relative size in the country.
fake	Japans interest on its own debt is 25 percent of its national budget
fake	I did not play any role in bringing the company to RI as did others in government. I was tasked with handling the legislation affecting the company by my superiors.
fake	The vast majority of (Syrian) refugees are young, able-bodied men looking for work.
fake	I didnt try to push a bill to reduce lottery scholarship proceeds for students.
real	He (Kirk) did violate Pentagon rules, twice actually, for improperly mingling politics with his military service.
real	Mitt Romney previously believed "that abortion should be safe and legal in this country." Now he is "prolife."
fake	According to (Barack) Obamas newest unconstitutionally enacted law, health care professionals are now required to violate HIPAA privacy laws and submit medical data to the government, which is then used as justification for gun confiscation.
real	Says according to the FBI, more people are killed each year with hammers and clubs than rifles.
fake	Forty-six cents of every dollar Ohio could get for Medicaid expansion is going to come from China or some other country that doesnt like us very much.
fake	The form students fill out to get college financial aid is "longer than the form to get U.S. citizenship."
fake	The Central Falls School system spent $100,000 on a time clock.
fake	A data system that goes along with Common Core is designed to collect up to 400 data points on each child, which can include personally identifiable data.
fake	Planned Parenthood raked in more than $300 million in profits over the past four years.
real	Says an illegal immigrant fraudulently claimed children who actually lived in Mexico on income tax forms to collect more than $29,000.
real	We now have the greatest income inequality since the Great Depression.
fake	The United States has more of our people in prison than Russia, China, and North Korea combined.
fake	Klein did not hold a single town hall meeting (on health care) where the general public was invited to ask questions or present their views.
real	In Florida, when Jeb Bush was governor, state authorities conducted a deeply flawed purge of voters before the presidential election in 2000 and in2004 a plan to purge even more voters was headed off.
fake	The church Barack Obama belongs to only admits black people.
real	Some 500 detainees were released from Guantanamo during the Bush administration.
fake	For every 33 pregnant women that walk into a Planned Parenthood clinic, 32 receive an abortion.
real	The president referred to the Syrian opposition just a few months ago as pharmacists and doctors, and so on.
fake	The Wisconsin Legislature raised taxes more than $5 billion in 2009.
real	It is already in the law that there is a requirement to screen (refugees) for religion.
fake	Says the Southwest Florida Water Management District has $850 million in reserves, enough money in savings to run without levying taxes for more than two years.
fake	In slashing $1.7 billion from Social Security, Rep. Jim Renacci may end up forcing the entire agency to ... shut down for a month, causing seniors to not get their benefits on time, halting claims processing, and forcing new retirees and disabled workers into a backlog.
real	Says Republican-approved changes to make it more difficult to participate in Ohio elections include reducing in-person early voting from 35 days to six.
fake	Claims Wisconsin Senate Majority Leader Scott Fitzgerald said: It is necessary to eliminate unions in order to balance future budgets.
real	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 71.2 percent of Hispanic registered voters in Texas and over 86 percent of African American registered voters participated in the 2012 elections.
fake	The president of the United States will be taking a trip over to India that is expected to cost the taxpayers $200 million a day.
fake	If Trump had just put his fathers money in a mutual fund ... hed have $8 billion.
fake	Says Barack Obama was silent on Iran when the students took to the streets in Tehran and the people there protested, (and) the Green Revolution occurred.
fake	In FY 2014 Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions while receiving $528 million from taxpayers, in violation of the Hyde amendment.
fake	Says Damascus disincorporation would produce NO significant tax savings.
real	The racial and ethnic makeup of the Gwinnett County Sheriffs Office mirrors the community it serves.
real	Right now we are at 90 percent health insurance covered. Thats the highest weve ever been in our country.
fake	When news broke that Ferguson 18-year-old Michael Brown was a suspect in a robbery, MSNBC practically went off the air for a while to have behind-closed-doors meetings to figure out how to deal with this new revelation.
real	Says with Jon Corzine, its the first time, I think, in history where a former Senator has been subpoenaed to testify before his former colleagues.
real	Countries bombed: Obama 7, Bush 4
fake	Canada sets aside 36 percent of their visas for people with skills they think their country needs. We set aside 6 percent.
fake	Alison Alter got an F in attendance in 2016 as an Austin parks board member and was removed by a unanimous vote of the Austin City Council.
fake	When I was U.S. Attorney we wound up putting 10 percent of the state Legislature in jail during my seven years.
real	Says Paul Ryans budget would turn Medicare into a voucher.
fake	The minimum wage has risen $2.35 in the last two years. Thats 31 percent.
fake	Says cuts to Medicare affect people who have already paid in. We paid for it.
fake	During the (Benghazi) attack, a stand-down order was given, and our troops were told to change their clothes four times.
real	A white family is likely to have about six times as much wealth than a black or Hispanic family coming out of the recession.
real	Bill Richardson is the only major Democratic candidate with a plan to withdraw all American troops from Iraq. All of the other major Democratic candidates support leaving American troops in Iraq indefinitely.
fake	Obama voted to raise taxes on people making just $42,000.
fake	On ISIS, (Michael Bennet) chose the (Washington) insiders over our generals.
fake	Welfare programs caused more long-term damage to Detroit than the atomic bomb caused to Hiroshima
real	Sixty-one percent of our active military are currently listed as overweight.
real	Overdosing is now the number one accidental killer in our Commonwealth.
real	Says Nelson Mandela was a communist.
real	The Supreme Court said the individual mandate is a tax. So its a tax.
real	Says President Barack Obama initially said the national health-care mandate isnt a tax, but his administration now says it is a tax.
real	Individuals with mental illnesses die an average of 25 years earlier than those without a mental illness.
real	Says that in 2008, President Barack Obama said normalization with Cuba would first require liberation of all political prisoners and some basic steps toward freedom, including freedom of the press, political parties, labor unions.
real	President Obama has declared disasters in 48 of 50 states this year.
fake	Virginias current unemployment rate is the lowest in Virginia history.
real	Georgia is one of only about seven states in the country that has a AAA bond rating.
real	Over the last 10 years, incomes for the top 1 percent have grown. Meanwhile, the bottom half of the country, theyve seen their wages stagnate.
fake	Should Democrats get their way, every income tax bracket will increase on Jan. 1, 2011. Every single one.
fake	Says Hillary Clinton told her daughter and a government official that Benghazi was a terrorist attack, and then tells everybody else that it was a video.
fake	Muslims attempted to establish the first Islamic Sharia court inside the United States in the town of Irving, Texas.
fake	Ballistic tests have confirmed that the death of at least one U.S. Border Patrol agent was caused by weapons that were part of a federal arms trafficking operation.
real	We have 80,000 abortions in Texas every year.
fake	Almost nine out of every 10 pennies that would be spent turning a 200-mile stretch of Interstate 70 into a toll road would be from folks outside Missouri.
real	Says female genital mutilation is a central African problem, not an Islamic problem, as Bill Maher suggested.
fake	China has total control, just about, of North Korea.
real	Sen. Marco Rubio refuses to accept the basic science on climate change and is a climate change denier.
fake	Says protesters at the Wisconsin state Capitol on the night the state Senate passed collective bargaining changes damaged the windshield of his car.
real	Says Scott Walkers views on abortion are more restrictive than any Republican president in recent times.
real	Says Jeb Bush happens to be where a majority of Republican voters areon giving legal status to illegal immigrants.
real	We bailed out Johnson Controls when we saved the auto industry and now they want to avoid paying taxes.
real	More than half of our unemployed Ohioans have been out of work for six months or more.
real	The Atlanta Braves are the oldest continuously operating professional sports franchise in America.
real	America owns 3 percent of the worlds oil but consumes 25 percent of its global reserves.
fake	Newly Elected Republican Senators Sign Pledge to Eliminate Food Stamp Program in 2015.
real	Says Obama promised to cut the deficit in half.
fake	Wendy Davis is threatening to raise taxes up to $35 billion.
fake	Says Sherrod Browns campaign attacked Josh Mandels military service
real	House Speaker Dean Cannon says that freshmen lawmakers account for one-third of the 120-member House, and that two-thirds of the chamber have two years or less experience.
fake	In 2009, Jim Doyle and the Democrats rushed through a budget repair bill with billions in tax increases and held no public hearings.
real	House Democrats have a two-to-one advantage money-wise against House Republicans.
real	Virginias educational level among whites is higher than Georgias.
real	Says new Medicare billing guidelines have nine codes for (injuries by) turkeys.
real	When the salmonella source was finally identified, FDA officials had to wait for industry approval before they could go live with the [peanut] recall.
real	Six of Georgias counties have no lawyers at all.
real	Forty-five percent of those whove been unemployed, theyve been unemployed for six months or longer.
real	I have disagreed strongly with the Bush administration on this issue of global warming.
real	We were the No. 1 job creator in America in February and we are now the No. 4 job creator in the last year.
real	Today, if you were raised poor, youre just as likely to stay poor as you were 50 years ago.
fake	Says the money is in the budget to give a tax break to everyone, including people making more than $1 million.
real	One in 19 Americans today get SSDI or SSI. Thats one in 19 Americans (who) are disabled.
fake	Under President Barack Obama, 8.3 (million) fewer Americans are working today than there were four years ago.
real	Under Hosni Mubaraks rule, Egypt received more American dollars than any country besides Israel.
fake	The Bush tax cuts created about 8 million jobs over the first 10 years that they were in existence. Weve lost about 5 million of those jobs during this recession.
fake	Says Tommy Thompson favors Obamas health care mandate, was publicly thanked by Obama for health reform support and that Thompson says we cant repeal Obamacare.
fake	Every billion dollars we spend on highway construction results in 47,500 jobs. But the fact is the average American is sitting in traffic 38 hours a year.
fake	Theres been no conclusive or specific report to say Russia was trying to muddy the election.
real	Texans spend $2.5 billion gambling in our neighboring states every year.
fake	The Washington D.C.-area never has a recession.
real	Gov. Crist has never wavered in his support of the Second Amendment, the right to bear arms.
real	When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a month.
fake	Says Mexico doesnt have birthright citizenship, and Americans are the only ones to have it.
real	In Cuyahoga County ... 56 percent of weekend voters in 2008 were African American while adult African Americans comprise 28 percent of the county population.
fake	The number of uninsured people in Massachusetts is about the same as it was when the mandates were passed in 2006.
fake	There is no evidence that poor people abuse drugs more frequently than any other socio-economic group.
real	More people were killed by terrorists in 2015 than in any other year ever, after an 80 percentincrease from 2014.
fake	Weve seen local union after local union rush to their school boards, their city councils, their technical school boards and rush through contracts in the past two weeks that had no contributions to the pension and no contribution to health care.
fake	Nobody is leaving Memphis. Thats a myth.
real	During the Bush administration, you actually had a prominent liberal write a book about how Bush was preparing for a fascist takeover of this country.
real	Studies have consistently failed to establish the existence of a link between the harshness of a countrys drug laws and its levels of drug use.
real	Hillary Clinton "starts off with 47 percent of the country against her."
fake	Says Rep. Paul Ryans budget proposal would effectively double the interest paid out on existing and future student loans.
real	The Associated Press called Charlie Crist's attacks "over the top," "out of context," and "not true."
fake	I was among the earliest to criticize the rush to war (in Iraq), and yes, even before the war ever started.
fake	Pls refer to Jan.1 tax changes appropriately: theyre OBAMA TAX HIKES theyll slam every Americans savings, investments job opportunity
fake	Barbara Boxer voted to cut spending on Medicare benefits by $500 billion, cuts so costly to hospitals and nursing homes that they could stop taking Medicare altogether.
real	Shirley Sherrod was forced to resign before anybody on Fox said a word about this.
fake	The insurance companies are making that choice (to cancel or change policies), not the president.
fake	Says 70,000 children have lost their Head Start slots because of the sequester.
real	I never proposed privatizing the (Milwaukee County) airport.
fake	Pres. Obamas finance team is recommending a . . . 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution.
fake	Says a Pro-Stimulus economist admits it is not working
fake	As state Commerce secretary, Mary Burke drafted, sponsored and promoted budgets that raised taxes by billions, created high structural deficits and raided funds to finance huge spending hikes.
real	On financial reform, there is "a million dollars being spent, per congressman, in lobbying expenses on this issue. (The) industry has four lobbyists per member of the House and Senate working on this."
fake	On a government spending freeze.
fake	Thurbert Baker kept a teen in jail "who didn't even commit a felony."
fake	Inspections of abortion centers around Virginia have found multiple violations of parental consent laws but Gov. Terry McAuliffe and his administration have done nothing.
fake	Last year, Beaverton School District had the highest number of homeless students ever recorded in Oregon.
fake	Jeff Merkley was the deciding vote on Obamacare, which in Oregon has been an unmitigated disaster.
fake	There is no record of congresswoman Betty Sutton ... ever holding a single in-person town hall meeting open to the general public.
fake	Says carpet bombing means bombing not a city, but the location of the troops, with embedded special forces to direct the air power.
real	I cut spending while serving in the state Legislature
real	Your tellers were paid kickbacks for directing elderly consumers from ... safe deposits to risky ones.
fake	Since 1965, the United States has spent untold trillions yet the poverty rate hasnt budged.
fake	Rhode Island Treasurer Gina Raimondo raised the mortality rate from 65 to 87 and used a 1994 annuity chart to create the pension crisis.
fake	Wisconsins Supreme Court justices are deciding fewer opinions in civil and criminal cases than they used to.
fake	Regarding the Iraq War, I was the one that said, Dont go, dont do it, youre going to destabilize the Middle East.
real	Says Charlie Crist rode on a jet that belongs to a serial polluter with a history of environmental violations fined nearly $2 million for polluting water.
real	Half of all personal bankruptcies in America "are caused by medical bills."
fake	Says U.S. Senate candidate Cory Gardner blocked immigration reform and voted to deport our DREAMers.
fake	Says Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad chartered a plane to remove 124 young illegal immigrants from his state and take them back to Honduras.
real	There isnt a single (Texas) legislator under the age of 30, even though millennials make up 25 percent of the electorate in Texas.
fake	The U.N. Arms Treatyinfringes upon our right to keep and bear arms.
real	We adopted the modern Social Security system at a time when the average person died before they were old enough to get Social Security.
real	The Capitol rotunda was actually made to invite the people in and to accommodate protests.
fake	Members of Congress and their families and staff are exempt from repaying student loans.
fake	Nothing was done. I mean, $25 million was spent, but we dont have that (gun ownership)database.
fake	Says El Paso was named Americas Safest Large City a year after San Antonio, Houston and Dallas had the nations highest crime rates.
fake	The debt limit deal allows President Obama to borrow unlimited amounts of money.
fake	The President wants the U.S. to sign on to the U.N.s International Criminal Court.
fake	Obama keeps talking about getting rid of all nuclear weapons. Hes already significantly reduced our capabilities there.
real	Says Erv Nelson voted yes on the pro-amnesty SJR 21, a bill urgingCongress to provide citizenship for those residing illegally in our country.
real	Crime is down in Arizona.
fake	Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker turned a $1 billion surplus into a $2.2 billion budget deficit.
real	Repeated requests for additional security in Benghazi were routinely denied by Hillary Clintons State Department.
real	Says a study shows that children who live with a biological parent and the parents boyfriend or girlfriend have a 20 times greater chance of being sexually abused.
real	Our government has now 'spent, lent, or committed' $12.8 trillion in its attempt to blunt the recession.
real	Gov. Palin ... is somebody who actually doesn't believe that climate change is man-made.
real	Rob Portman has taken more than $125,000 from Big Oil.
fake	Obamas dog has his own plane
fake	Says Mark Pryor voted to give Social Security benefits to illegal immigrants.
real	Radio Marti and TV Marti have spent more than $500 million to reach less than 1 percent of the Cuban population.
real	Says in this next biennium, the cost of primary and secondary education is going to increase by more that $1000 per student. Half of that $1000 $500 per student is accounted for by the increased cost of PERS alone.
fake	Many of (Hillary Clintons) friends took bigger deductions (than me). Warren Buffett took a massive deduction. (George) Soros, who is a friend of hers, took a massive deduction.
real	No family earns too much to qualify for Oregon Healthy Kids program.
fake	Says someone earning $50,000 a year will fare better under his 9-9-9 plan than under the current tax system.
fake	We have no idea what is contained in [electronic cigarette] vapor.
real	Were only spending 2 percent of our GDP on our infrastructure, while China and India are spending 10 percent of their GDP reinvesting back into their country.
fake	We have spent $350 million to deal with sea-level rise in the Miami area and hundreds of millions of dollars to deal with coral reefs.
real	Seventy percent of Americans dont have a college degree.
real	Extending current tax rates would average more than $100,000 a year to millionaires and even billionaires.
fake	Says Tom Perriello voted to give tax breaks to foreign companies creating jobs in China.
real	Says that in his first 17 months as president, the United States doubled its world-leading $500 million a year commitment to fighting global AIDS.
real	Currently, there is no one from South Austin on the (Austin City) Council!
fake	Only one out of 10 minimum wage workers today are teen age or a young person.
real	The U.S. Department of Defense spends $80 million a year on prostate cancer research, $25 million a year on ovarian cancer research and $150 million a year on breast cancer research.
real	Wholly domestic communication between you and your wife can go to New York to London and back and get caught up in the (NSA) database.
fake	Says U.S. Rep. Stephen Fincher breaks earmark pledge.
fake	Says 25 percent of U.S. Muslims agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad.
real	98 percent of American families make under $250,000 a year.
real	Says New Hampshires second congressional district includes two counties where almost 5 percent if not more of residents are enrolled in the states expanded Medicaid program.
real	As mayor, [Allan Fung] raised taxes three times.
real	Says on the state level, we spend less today than Jon Corzine spent in fiscal year 2008, five years later.
real	Senator McCain voted against the Bush tax cuts. Now he's for them.
real	There are more members of the U.S. Senate than the number of WI families who would benefit from GOP estate tax break.
fake	I had prostate cancer, five, six years ago. My chance of surviving prostate cancer, and thank God I was cured of it, in the United States, 82%. My chances of surviving prostate cancer in England, only 44% under socialized medicine.
real	Says he cut the budget.
real	The American healthcare system burns 18 percent of our national GDP. Nobody else is close.
real	I would be the first Republican senator elected in New Jersey in 41 years.
fake	Says allegations that he made unwanted sexual advances on a female sheriffs deputy were found by two separate judges to not have merit.
fake	Algeria wanted to be taken off of the terror list at the time it made an unreported donation to the Clinton Foundation.
fake	We had the biggest drop of the rate of unemployment (in)all but 4 states.
real	If we ban the practice of earmarks, we could save the American taxpayer anywhere between $15 (billion) to $20 billion dollars a year in pork-barrel spending.
fake	On gift taking,Bob McDonnell took a fraction of what (Tim) Kaine took.
fake	Says Bill White didnt pay taxes while earning $133,600 annual salary as deputy secretary of energy.
real	Virginia is headed towards another surplus this year, unlike most states.
fake	Nearly 14,000 Wisconsinites have lost their job since Governor Walker and the Republicans took over in January.
fake	Ive been reducing the number of Democratic Texas Senate committee chairs since I came in as lieutenant governor.
real	Gov. Romney was very clear, he would veto the DREAM Act.
real	The Democrats' health care bills would end "the denial of ... coverage to those who have a pre-existing condition," while the Republican bill would not.
real	Im also the only lieutenant governor to not take a security detail.
real	When lenders foreclose on homes, they typically suffer losses that exceed 30 percent of the value of the home.
real	In 2011, NJ economy ranked 47th--at the bottom with Alabama, Mississippi Wyoming. Under Christie, NJ is falling behind.
real	The majority of the Hispanic population and the growth (of the population) is U.S.-born.
fake	Says Ohio Treasurer Josh Mandel supports allowing the United States to default on its obligations.
fake	300,000 Floridians have lost their health insurance as a result of Obamacare.
fake	On whether he would vote for the budget proposed by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis.
fake	Says the new Dodd-Frank financial law requires a 20 percent down payment to buy a house.
fake	Do you know that we have pipes carrying natural gas in this country that are made of wood? Im not joking.
real	McCain voted 19 times against a minimum-wage increase.
fake	The Madison-Milwaukee (high-speed) train line is dead.
real	We have 17 intelligence agencies, civilian and military, who have all concluded that these espionage attacks, these cyberattacks, come from the highest levels of the Kremlin, and they are designed to influence our election.
fake	Says Mitt Romney belittled middle-class tax cuts as nothing more than little Band-Aids.
real	We are coming up on our 40th anniversary of electing a Republican to the United States Senate. 1972 was the last time New Jersey sent a Republican to the United States Senate.
fake	Since President Obama took full control of Washington every single day, more than 1,500 of our jobs have been lost.
real	Theres going to be a slowdown and delays in flights as a result of the sequester.
fake	The only budget Ted Cruz ever voted for in his time in the Senate is a budget that cut defense spending by more than Barack Obama proposes we cut it.
fake	We were not, I repeat, were not told that waterboarding or any of these other enhanced interrogation methods were used.
real	(Obamacare) is a bill which has never once had a majority of Americans favor it.
fake	Says, Yet in Salem they have traditionally waited until the money is almost gone to pay for the most important things in our states budget.
real	And delivered more tax relief than the other Republicans combined.
real	Today Russia holds many of our most precious national security satellites at risk before they ever get off the ground.
fake	When (Ronald) Reagan came in, from 1978 to 1982, economic growth averaged less than 1 percent a year. Theres only one other four-year period where thats true. Thats true from 2008 to 2012.
real	Rick Scott wants to take us back to the days of insurance companies denying coverage for pre-existing conditions.
real	Crimea became part of Ukraine only in 1954. Crimea was historically part of Russia, and (Nikita) Khrushchev gave it to Ukraine in a gesture that mystified some people.
fake	Says One of the states largest governments made charging this tax one of their top priorities just this year.
fake	Says if Texas abortion measure passes, someone living in El Paso would have to drive 550 miles each way to San Antonio for something as simple as cervical cancer screening.
real	The health care bill will subsidize families of four that make more than $80,000 a year.
fake	The most recent survey of climate scientists said about 57 percent dont agree with the idea that 95 percent of the change in the climate is caused by CO2.
real	Its been nearly three weeks since the president has commented on questions about possible hidden wait lists at veterans hospitals.
fake	President Obamas American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (was) a fancy name for almost a trillion-dollar spending bill. The ARRA was supposed to fix our crumbling roads and bridges, but now, we have absolutely nothing to show for it.
fake	2014 Federal Tax Refunds To Be Delayed Until October 2015.
real	The national debt grew an estimated$15 billion last weekend.
fake	Ron Oakleys conservative leadership protected local taxpayers over government bureaucrats as theWater Management Districts budget decreased by 58 percent in the four years he served on the board.
fake	Social Security doesnt contribute a penny to the deficit.
fake	The cap-and-trade bill will mean 2 million jobs lost.
real	Says Pope Francis took the name of a saint who basically reached out to Muslims.
fake	Small businesses that have $250,000 in gross sales for the business. Theyre the ones that are looking at massive tax increases.
fake	The tax burden on Virginia families was lower under Tim Kaine than under George Allen.
real	Were importing about 10 percent of our milk supply. Were Americas Dairyland, but yet we dont have enough milk in this state to meet the demand for our cheesemakers.
real	Says Every year air pollution protections are delayed, another 34,000 people will die prematurely.
real	The estimated savings of this (debt ceiling) deal only pay for half of the cost of extending all of the Bush-era tax cuts for another decade.
fake	Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers budget okays disposing of unclaimed pound dogs to university research facilities.
fake	Says Majority Leader Eric Cantor called for abolishing Social Security and Medicare.
fake	I have sent over $400 million to the border of Mexico in the form of Texas Ranger recon teams.
fake	George Allen had 40,000 earmarks while he was a senator.
real	In altered photo, says Barack Obama wants more of Texans private data via health care.
real	In two years, Gov. McAuliffe has vetoed more bills that the previous three governors issued in each of their four-year terms.
fake	Stimulus dollars paid for windmills from China.
fake	Says Gov. Bob McDonnells budget would cut pre-kindergarten programs.
fake	Wisconsin is broke, and state government is $3 billion in debt.
real	The fact of the matter is that my colleague from New York, Senator Clinton, there are 50 percent of the American public that say they're not going to vote for her.
real	Gov. Rick Scott cut the cost of prepaid college tuition by nearly $20,000.
real	Louie Gohmert of Texas compared the current general-in-charge in Egypt to George Washington.
fake	The Obama administration "spent more money on the Cash for Clunkers program than the space program."
fake	The labor participation rate is at an all-time low.
real	Says a majority of Americans -- and Republicans -- support his approach for deficit reduction.
real	Mike Martinez cut a deal with prosecutors to avoid facing possible jail time and stuck us with his $24,657.50 legal bill.
fake	Portland spent nearly $1 million in federal stimulus money to install bike path signs where they already existed.
fake	Household income in America has gone down for families an average of $4,000 in the last four years while it went up $5,000 under Mitt Romney when he was governor of Massachusetts
fake	Says Sen. Ted Cruz used to be in favor of birthright citizenship but is now against it.
real	According to a recent poll, there are more young Republicans enrolled in their parents (health insurance) plans than young Democrats.
real	John McCain and George W. Bush want to spend "a trillion dollars in Iraq over the next 10 years."
real	Says hes signed a pledge not to raise taxes four times.
fake	Says Kurt Schrader supports Obamas sequester but wont cut $1.6 million to fund new video games.
real	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said this week that the Democrats have to pass their terrible health care bill so that the American people can actually find out what's in it.
fake	Demand for public transportation is reaching record levels in Wisconsin.
real	Georgia spends fewer tourism advertising dollars than any other state in the South.
real	Over 97 percent of the scientific community believe that humans are contributing to climate change.
real	Wisconsin state and local government workers pay $500, $600 or in some cases, $1,000 per year in union dues.
real	There have been three people tried and convicted by the last administration in military courts. Two are walking the street right now.
real	In the first 24 to 36 hours of the operation in Libya, you saw $115 million go downrange because a Tomahawk cruise missile is a little over $1 million each.
real	Rubio admitted he "would have accepted the stimulus money."
fake	Says when an interviewer asked Donald Trump if he treats women with respect, Trump replied, I cant say that.
fake	Only 25 percent of what people buy is subject to Rhode Islands sales tax.
fake	The Obama Administration's own White House Council of Economic Advisers has estimated 4.7 million Americans will lose their jobs if the (health care) bill passes.
real	More astronauts have been to the moon than farmers who paid the inheritance tax in 2013.
real	Says George LeMieux falsely attacked Marco Rubio.
real	The United States has the highest corporate tax rate in the free world.
fake	The price of gasoline was at $1.85 a gallon when President Barack Obama took office and has since nearly doubled because of his policies
fake	Says raising the state income tax rate on millionaires to offset property taxes for other residents is not a tax increase. Its a tax shift.
fake	Hurricane Sandy, the most destructive Atlantic storm ever.
real	In France, they have a (surveillance) program a thousandfold more invasive than the United States.
fake	Under the Romney/Ryan budget, interest rates on federal student loans would be allowed to double.
fake	While President Obama says all options are on the table for preventing a nuclear Iran, Hagel says military action is not a viable, feasible, responsible option.
real	We are the only state in the country that state employees dont contribute [to their pensions].
fake	You cant pass a budget in the Senate of the United States without 60 votes.
fake	I was one of the few, very few, who voted `no on the Iran deal.
fake	This year President Obama canceled the 21st annual National Day of Prayer ceremony at the White House under the ruse of not wanting to offend anyone.BUT on September 25, 2009 from 4 AM until 7 PM, a National Day of Prayer FOR THE MUSLIM RELIGION was HELD on Capitol Hill, Beside the White House.
fake	Its been since 1888 that a Senate of a different party than the president in the White House confirmed a Supreme Court nominee.
fake	She said, you know, 'I voted for it, but I hoped it wouldn't pass.' That was a quote on live TV.
real	Tax rates were significantly higher "in the '40s, the '50s, and the '60s."
real	Thousands of politicians from across Ohio along with their relatives, employees and friends are still eligible to serve on the proposed redistricting commission.
real	The video doesn't show the broader picture of the firing that was going on at American troops.
fake	The average rate of fraud in the Earned Income Tax Credit, Medicare, Medicaid and food stamps programs is 20 to 25 percent.
fake	The U.S. Census believes that by 2030 the majority of Americans will use Spanish as their first language.
fake	Of $60 billion Congress approved in response to Hurricane Sandy, only 10 percent was for disaster relief.
real	Since 2009, weve cut homelessness (among veterans) by a third.
fake	A majority of Americans since Harry Truman days support single-payer health insurance, or full Medicare for all.
fake	Says the Ohio Consumers Council office employs 74 lawyers and that the funding them is wasteful duplication.
real	The proposed transportation tax plan revokes a tax-credit for consumers electric cars while the state retains similar credits for similar vehicles for businesses.
fake	When those restrictions expire (in the Iran nuclear deal), Iran will have an industrial-size military nuclear capability ready to go.
real	DeKalb County has graduated five police academies and three fire academies to help reach its ambitious hiring goals in both departments.
fake	Says President Barack Obamas acceptance of an Islamic order and gold medal was unconstitutional.
fake	Its four or five states where the number of insurance options have narrowed under the Affordable Care Act.
real	Says cities save an estimated $38 in dental costs for every $1 invested in fluoridation.
real	Says a Lubbock terror suspects alleged plan to use baby dolls to conceal chemical explosives is similar to a 1995 plot to blow up 12 jumbo jets over the Pacific Ocean.
real	We spent approximately $20-billion of that money on pork barrel, earmark projects. Maybe if we had done it right, maybe some of that money would have gone to inspect those bridges and other bridges across the country.
real	Sen. Rubios (tax plan) would cut taxes for households making around $3 million a year by almost $240,000, which is way more than three times the earnings of a typical family.
fake	Weve seen the increase of alcohol use for underage kids even though alcohol has been illegal ... for kids under 21.
real	8.5 million Americans have gotten rebate checks because their insurance companies were spending too much money on executive bonuses and administrative costs and not enough on health care.
fake	Says he signed legislation leading to 12 Texas abortion clinics being closed.
real	A year ago, in March 2007, I called for immediate action to address abuses in the subprime market, and I laid out detailed concrete proposals for how to do so.
fake	Clayton County offers the lowest operating millage rate in Metro Atlanta.
real	In 2008, Maggie Hassan voted against legislation to prevent sanctuary cities in New Hampshire.
real	The average taxpayer will see the equivalent of a 2 percent pay raise as a result of low fuel prices.
real	Georgia has lost more than 124,000 jobs and the unemployment rate has increased since the stimulus passed
fake	Under Barack Obamas watch, we have expended $805 billion to liberate the people of Iraq and, more importantly, 4,400 American lives.
fake	Recent solar energy policies in Georgia have resulted in rate hikes and did not result in solar becoming any more economically viable.
real	Mark Warner voted for nearly $1 trillion in new taxes and $7 trillion in new debt.
real	Every child born today inherits a $30,000 share in a national debt that stands at more than $13 trillion.
fake	More than 43 percent of all food stamps are given to illegals.
real	Says President Barack Obama has launched twice as many strikes (on)countries that are predominantly Muslim than President George W. Bush.
real	The Republican leadership's budget proposal doesn't contain any numbers.
fake	Says library district would come at no direct cost to the city budget.
real	We (Georgia) collect fewer state taxes per capita than any other state although state taxes are low, Georgia is the eighth-most-dependent state on the federal government.
fake	Says his plan would cut taxes without increasing the deficit.
real	Says he vetoed $250,000 from the budget for a program to learn how to catch rainwater.
fake	After the Texas cutoff of aid to womens health care services including Planned Parenthood clinics, over 150,000 women lost the only health care they had. Our Medicaid birth rate shot up. It cost taxpayers over $130 million in one year alone in extra Medicaid birth costs.
fake	The Democrats plan to raise your tax rates to 70 or 80 percent.
real	My campaign alone has created more jobs in the state of Rhode Island than Narragansett Beer.
real	I'm the only Republican who has gotten endorsements in this presidential race from major labor unions...
real	From now on, we have to pay the Russians $50 million an astronaut to send Americans to the space station
fake	There are many health insurance plans that will cover Viagra but won't cover birth-control medication.
real	On federal stimulus money for expanding rail service.
fake	Donald Trump says all Mexicans are rapists.
fake	Under the White Houses budget proposal, we will not be adding more to the national debt by the middle of the decade.
fake	I helped pass what, if enacted, would be the largest tax cut in Texas history through the State Senate.
real	In the past three years, state legislatures have enacted more of these restrictions (on abortion) than in the previous 10 years combined.
real	Says Apple CEO Steve Jobs told President Obama that the company moved factories to China because it needed 30,000 engineers.
fake	The New START treaty was passed despite significant concerns among some people in the State and Defense Departments.
fake	The Obama administration spent $205,075 in stimulus funds to relocate a shrub that sells for $16.
fake	More than 400 car crashes occur each year on the current, congested Columbia River Bridge.
fake	Every time the weight of that vehicle is reduced by a hundred pounds, your chances of dying are going to go up by about 5 percent. Peel three hundred pounds off youre 15 percent more likely to die in that car.
real	Says U.S. Senate opponent Ron Johnson is opposed to all government-assisted student loans.
real	Says U.S. Senate candidate David Perdue flip-flopped on releasing his tax returns.
real	State employees havent received a raise in five or six years.
fake	The people who were running the budget, in the Corzine years, decided to steal from the unemployment trust fund. As did other Governors before. We simply dont do that, havent done it, and wont permit it.
fake	Siemens has been unable to fill approximately 200 skilled trade positions in metro Atlanta.
fake	In the early 1960s, all levels of government were consuming about 27 percent of the U.S. economy, a number that has risen to 37 percent today. With that trendline, we cease at some point to be a free economy.
fake	Says he was the only Republican candidate at a prior debate who said lower-income workers were being hurt by the economy.
real	I have spent virtually every weekend since Memorial Day in the Panhandle.
fake	Says she was misquoted and didnt say that the Israeli ambassador said what the Republicans are doing is dangerous for Israel.
real	In the past two years in Congress, Ive written more bills, passed more amendments on the floor of the House and enacted more of my bills into law than any other member of the House.
real	The (ARC Tunnel) project was originally estimated to be $8.7 billion, and New Jersey alone was on the hook for all overruns.
real	Said he won the Democratic primary without one ... negative TV spot.
real	We live in the most incarcerated country in the world.
real	It is ironic that (First Energy Corp. is) going to have a name on our (football stadium) where we (Cleveland Public Power) supply the electricity.
fake	Elena Kagan "violated the law of the United States at various points" with her opposition to military recruiters.
fake	Says in Newark were paying 80 percent of the school budget from local property taxes.
fake	In the House health care bill, "Something like 2 percent of the people would [be] eligible even to get the public option."
real	To pay for government growth, leaders of both parties borrowed $4 billion a day, leaving us with todays $14 trillion debt.
real	Barry Smitherman doesnt have enough legal experience to apply for most of the jobs at the attorney generals office.
fake	Under the Democratic health plan, families will be forced to spend an additional $2,100 a year to keep their current health care.
real	We have more women living in poverty in this state than almost anywhere else.
fake	The majority of the people that are coming to Arizona and trespassing are now becoming drug mules.
real	The Florida Legislature raised taxes and fees by almost $2 billion in the 2009 session.
real	About 40 percent of U.S. illegal immigrants came in on an airplane, with a legal visa, and just overstayed their visa and have never gone home.
real	There has been $5 trillion in debt added over the last four years.
real	We put a lid on Irans nuclear program without firing a single shot.
real	Sixteen [federal] programs exist to fight homelessness and some of them are duplicative.
fake	Says he never voted for a tax increase.
real	The United states is borrowing more than 40 cents of every dollar we spend.
fake	Boyce gave (a lobbyists) wife a sensitive job in the treasurers office, a job Boyce admitted he only made available at their mosque.
fake	Says Will Rasmussen supported a sales tax as recently as last spring.
real	For every week that (state lawmakers are) able to cut off our timeline, it saves (Georgia taxpayers) approximately $100,000.
fake	Virginia is the No. 1 recipient of federal dollars.
fake	In New England, Rhode Island has the second highest number of police officers being assaulted.
real	The United States is the only developed country in the world without paid maternity leave.
fake	In the late 1980s, the U.S. was nearly the lowest-taxed nation in the world, and a quarter century later were nearly the highest.
fake	According to recent reports, a group of death panels organized under Obamacare ordered their first execution.
fake	The 2009 stimulus bill failed to get people back to work.
real	State agencies have not identified one single instance where groundwater has been damaged due to hydraulic fracking.
fake	Since 1978, California has spent $5 billion to put 13 people to death.
fake	The 2013 immigration bill expanded President Obamas ability to bring Syrian refugees to this country without mandating any meaningful background checks.
real	Over the past five years the federal government has paid out $601 million in retirement and disability benefits to deceased former federal employees.
fake	Social Security, like I told you, is out of money. This year it is borrowing from the general treasury.
fake	92 million Americans arent working.
real	Some neighborhood schools are closing.
real	Says Mitt Romney has said different things about whether global warming is caused by humans
real	Even high estimates for an early draft of the health care plan are less than the $1.8 trillion cost of the Bush tax cuts.
real	Gov. Romneys plan would cut taxes for the folks at the very top.
real	Tax increases could come into play as a result of the debt ceiling deal.
fake	While (Chris Christie) talks about job creation, we dont see jobs being created in this state.
real	Our state has no major rivers to produce big hydropower.
real	When it comes to income taxes, Wisconsin is one of the best places in the country to be poor but top 4 or 5 worst for middle-income earners.
fake	Because of the federal health care law, 300,000 health plans canceled in Florida.
fake	The president came in and campaigned against me 12 times.
real	Says the U.S. fleet of attack submarines is scheduled to fall below the 48 boats that Navy says it needs to carry out current missions.
fake	Never mind that no red light camera, no speed camera, nor any radar gun has ever stopped one accident from occurring.
real	Gov. Rick Perry broke his promise that he would not accept a $40,000 pay increase.
fake	Michelle Nunn ranks agriculture issues as the 18th most important items facing Georgia.
real	Says Barack Obama promised he would cut the deficit in half but didnt.
real	Too many tattoos on visible body parts keepsome applicants out of the military.
fake	700 jobs (were) lost because Allen Boyd voted for the health care bill.
real	The cost to implement Florida's class size amendment so far has been "$16 billion."
fake	I led the fight to require the Coast Guard to buy their engines from us, not foreign companies.
real	Says Ronald Reagan reversed his worlds largest tax cut and raised taxes when revenues did not match the expectations.
real	Says President Obamas proposed oil tax would cost consumers 24 cents a gallon.
fake	The per-pupil cost in the [Blackstone Valley Prep] Mayoral Academy far outweighs the per-pupil cost in Cumberland public schools.
fake	Says he never wanted to raise the debt ceiling.
fake	If lawmakers fail to avert the fiscal cliff, 18 percent of the federal money that is sent to the states will be eliminated.
real	Chinese tire imports threatened 1,000 American jobs, so President Obama stood up to China and protected American workers. Mitt Romney attacked Obamas decision.
real	Newt Gingrichs immigration plan offers a new doorway to amnesty.
real	Right now, we have the lowest gas tax of anywhere in the country.
real	Says four-year terms for City Council members are the norm in most cities of our size.
fake	There are places in America that are among the most dangerous in the world. You go to places like Oakland. Or Ferguson. The crime numbers are worse. Seriously.
fake	Says president is spending $2.2 billion to give away ObamaPhones.
fake	Says HillaryClintons immigration platform would create totally open borders.
real	Says in the last six months of the Bush administration, the U.S. lost 3.5 million jobs, including 760,000 jobs during January 2009 alone.
fake	Tell me what Madeleine Albrights position was on the War on Iraq. I wouldnt be surprised if she supported it.
fake	Says U.S. Senate candidate Joni Ernst signed a pledge that protects tax breaks for companies that ship jobs overseas.
real	Says 315,000 mostly minority Texas students are enrolled in failing schools.
fake	The last time there was a sustained surge of confidence in governments competence was under Ronald Reagan.
real	Says former Sen. George Allen voted four times to raise his own pay.
real	Financial conflict-of-interest laws dont apply to the president, right? So, the president doesnt have to have a blind trust.
real	The state Legislature attempted to "outlaw stem cell research, passes bills about microchips in the brain, and talks about seceding from the Union."
real	In her nearly decade and (a) half in Congress, Tammy Baldwin has sponsored 105 bills. Only three have been enacted into law.
real	Obama has admitted a cap and trade plan would cause electricity bills to skyrocket.
real	Obama said he would unilaterally renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement.
real	Says that Tennessee law requires that schools receive half of proceeds -- $31 million per year -- from a half-cent increase in the Shelby County sales tax.
real	Says State Rep. Kristi Thibaut was an ACORN lobbyist.
real	The church Barack Obama belongs to has a "nonnegotiable commitment to Africa."
fake	The $290 million structural surplus in the 2011-13 Wisconsin budget is not real because it is based on the assumption that Congress will reinstate the estate tax.
fake	Says abortion is the most common surgery in our country.
real	There have been seven investigations (of Benghazi) led mostly by Republicans in the Congress that concluded nobody did anything wrong, but there were changes we could make.
real	U.S. Senate candidate Jack Kingston requested more earmarks than any other GA Congressman and all GA GOP members combined.
real	This is the only state in the country that bypassed the General Assembly to authorize [in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants].
real	NATO hasn't provided enough troops (in Afghanistan) because they are still angry about us going into Iraq.
fake	We gave every public employee in the state the freedom to choose whether or not they want to be in a union.
fake	Rhode Island gives undocumented pregnant women health insurance, plus a cash card with $400 a month on it and $250 a month or $275 a month to spend on food.
fake	Across the country, more than half of the U.S. attorney seats remain without a prosecutor chosen by Obama.
fake	It's "common knowledge" that al-Qaida is receiving training from Iran.
fake	In his first meeting with University of Wisconsin System officials, Republican Governor elect Scott Walker told them to prepare for cuts.
real	Salaries of Austin residents who dont work for city government have not been going up 3 percent a year for the last several years.
real	Forty-five percent of Americans went without needed care because of costs in 2007.
real	Some of the men serving in the (Afghan) armed forces have never driven a vehicle before.
fake	The Florida Supreme Court has no express authority in the Florida Constitution to remove questions from the ballot proposed by the Legislature.
real	Sherrod Brown failed to pay his own taxes three separate times.
fake	Privatizing Social Security was a bad idea when George W. Bush proposed it. It's a bad idea today. Sen. McCain's campaign went even further ... suggesting ... to cut cost-of-living adjustments or to raise the retirement age.
fake	The American Conservative Union gives [Rep. Tim] Ryan a dismal 0.0 percent rating for the billions he has contributed to our national debt.
fake	ISIS is running through a border made porous by Barack Obamas policies.
real	More than half of all drivers licenses issued in California this year have gone to illegal aliens.
fake	While Americans pray for Paris, the government has acted on mandatory national vaccinations.
real	He's been endorsed by "every major newspaper here in the state of Texas."
real	The average Atlanta resident spends an extra $924 each year in additional gasoline and wasted time.
real	There are 100 members of the U.S. Senate. Fifty-seven of them, including Russ Feingold, are lawyers. There are zero manufacturers and one accountant.
real	Failure to raise the debt limit does not force a U.S. default on debt payments.
fake	Says Suzanne Bonamici supports the $500 billion cut to Medicare passed last year.
real	Western Europeans can fly in the United States without even having a visa.
fake	Says Robert Menendez is the king of raising money from Wall Street, over a million dollars, one of the leaders in the United States Senate. I havent raised any Wall Street money at all.
real	I'm the first person who really took up the issue of the war. Four years ago I said that there was no proof that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction, and, actually... did an analysis which disproved the cause for the war.
real	Says Donald Trumps tax plan gives the wealthy and corporations more than the Bush tax cuts by at least a factor of two.
real	Congress is bewildered at the scope and reach of our spying apparatus but in 2008 and 2012 explicitly rejected an amendment calling for more disclosure.
real	President Obama is actually increasing Bush-era defense spending by $21 billion in the new fiscal year.
real	Brewpubs cant sell growlers of their beer to customers.
fake	The Air Force wants taxpayers to fund a fantasy football league.
real	The federal government owns 30 percent of the land in the 50 states, or about 650 million acres.
real	President Barack Obama said over 20 times he did not have the legal authority to act as he did on immigration.
real	71% of WIs roads are in poor or mediocre condition and 14% of WIs bridges are structurally deficient or functionally obsolete.
real	In the last seven years of my tenure, Texas created 1.5 million new jobs. As a matter of fact, without Texas, America would have lost 400,000 jobs.
fake	Says Bernie Sanders is going to tax you people at 90 percent.
real	The Alternative Minimum Tax...was created by Congress in 1969 to affect 155 wealthy Americans. Because it was never indexed for inflation, those original 155 taxpayers has increased to affect about 3.5-million in 2006.
real	On taxes, President Barack Obama wants to raise the top rate to 44.8 percent.
fake	The Pentagon made up the since-debunked heroics of POW Jessica Lynch as she tried to avoid capture in Iraq.
fake	Medicaid patients were 97 percent more likely to die than those with private insurance.
fake	Every worker pays 15.3 percent payroll tax.
fake	Says Charlie Crist could have expanded Medicaid after the health care law passed but didnt.
fake	A three-cents-per-ounce soda tax in Philadelphia would result in the loss of 2,000 family-sustaining Teamster Union jobs and countless other jobs in the beverage industry.
real	The average homeowner spends more than $2,000 each year on energy costs more than on either real estate taxes or homeowners insurance.
fake	Citizens Property Insurance has over $500 billion worth of risk, with less than $10 billion worth of surplus.
real	Says the typical homeowner will pay $4 more per month if library district passes.
fake	The CBO, the Congressional Budget Office has said that Obamacare will kill 800,000 jobs.
fake	I am the only candidate on either side who has laid out a specific plan about what I would do to defeat ISIS.
fake	Go look at a Trump product. Theyre all made in China.
fake	Due to the sequester, people are going to be unsafe. Homes are going to burn.
fake	My "border security efforts have led to a 60 percent decrease in border crime."
real	Saysthere are actually more people in poverty now than there were when we started the War on Poverty.
fake	I've traveled the country advocating for the FairTax ...
real	Says he followed state law and the precedent of other Massachusetts governors when he erased electronic communications as he left office.
real	Federal spending is all discretionary, other than interest on the national debt. Social Security is discretionary. We have the discretion to change the law. Same is true with Medicare and Medicaid.
real	Crimea was part of Russia until 1954, when it was given to the Soviet Republic of the Ukraine.
real	Due to Obamacare, Arkansas has covered almost 14 percent of its uninsured already.
fake	Says nearly 30,000 federal employees in Oregon were furloughed during the government shutdown.
fake	Says the stimulus bill sent tax credits overseas, such as $1.2 billion to a solar company thats building a plant in Mexico.
real	On average, Americans spend less than 10 percent of their disposable income on food. Compare that to folks in Mexico, who spend 22 percent, China, 28 percent and Russia, 37 percent.
real	Says she oversaw an audit that won the city $2 million in franchise fees.
fake	Dubious taxpayer-funded stimulus spending -- Part II.
fake	Jack Berry voted for a plan to cut $23.8 million from our schools.
fake	The U.S. "only ranks 25th worldwide on defense spending as a percentage of GDP."
fake	The U.S. deficit "increases at $3 million per second."
fake	Louie Gohmert of Texas blamed the mass shooting at a movie theater in Colorado on the ongoing attacks on Judeo-Christian beliefs.
real	Says Texas is dead last in support for mental health.
fake	ISIS camp a few miles from Texas, Mexican authorities confirm.
fake	When Washington liberals wanted to take away our guns, Chet said no.
real	Texans pay the sixth-highest property tax in the nation.
fake	In June, jobless ranks were higher in nearly 90 percent of U.S. cities.
real	Were borrowing 40 cents of every dollar we spend.
fake	The last major oil spill from a drilling accident in America happened over 40 years ago in 1969.
real	Bill Howell has been the consistent force behind every major tax increase in Virginia in the last decade.
fake	The Fed created $15 trillion in the bailout process and $5 trillion went overseas.
fake	75 percent of the (air traffic control) towers the Obama Administration is closing are located in Republican Congressional Districts.
real	In a lawsuit between private citizens, a Florida judge announced the decision was going to be based on Islamic Law.
real	Attacks on Planned Parenthood come at a time when the poverty rate among women is the highest in nearly two decades and 1 in 5 women under 65 dont have access to health care.
fake	The leader of ISIS was imprisoned by American troops and ordered released to Iraq by Obama administration in 2009.
fake	Because of Obamacare, you have so many part-time jobs.
fake	The children coming across the southern U.S. border were never examined after they got here and quarantined if they had a disease. They were just sent out across the country. Many of them had measles ... We now have an outbreak of it all because of our immigration policy.
real	Says the State Department spent $630,000 to get 2 million Facebook Likes.
real	Says British voters under 50, especially millennials, overwhelmingly voted to stay, in the European Union. It was older voters who voted to leave.
real	We have a legal immigration system in America that accepts 1 million people a year, legally. No other country in the world even comes close to that.
fake	Barack Obama "pays for every dime" of his spending plans.
real	Says middle-class New York State residents will have the lowest tax rate in 70 years.
real	McCain used to buck his party on immigration by fighting for comprehensive reform. . . . But when he was running for his party's nomination, he . . . said that he wouldn't even support his own legislation if it came up for a vote.
fake	If all of the [Bush-era] tax cuts expire on schedule, the budget will be close to being balanced in four years.
real	Says Charlie Crist raised taxes on the middle class by $2.2 billion.
fake	Most young Americans right now, theyre not covered by health insurance.
real	(Obamas) entire national security team, including his secretary of state, said we want to arm and train and equip (Syrian rebel forces), and he made the unilateral decision to turn them down.
real	When Honduran children came into this country, Secretary Clinton said send them back.
real	In 2011 alone, 269 New Jerseyans were killed by gun violence.
fake	Says Tammy Baldwin voted to gut Medicare for seniors.
real	The mega-rich pay about 15 percent in taxes, while the middle class fall into the 15 percent and 25 percent income tax brackets, and then are hit with heavy payroll taxes to boot.
fake	The Greenlight Pinellas transportation plan involves a 300% tax increase.
fake	In 2005, Dan Branch tried to expand third-trimester abortions in Texas.
fake	I think its seven or eight of the California system of universities dont even teach an American history course. Its not even available to be taught.
fake	Milwaukees problems include 52 percent black male unemployment.
fake	The ACLU didnt call for an investigation (of the Newark police department), they called for an immediate federal monitor.
real	Says Paul Ryans budget relies on the same $700 billion in savings from Medicare that Mitt Romney and other Republicans have been attacking Democrats about.
real	Says in our region, 2011 was worst drought year ever recorded.
fake	Says Bill Clinton gave a speech in 1996 about Iraq having WMDs and said we needed a regime change, even though everyone blamed those things on George W. Bush.
fake	Says Washingtons reach extends to even telling us what kind of light bulb we can use.
fake	Today, you cant rely on (the retirement fund for public employees), its not funded.
fake	I was totally against the war in Iraq, saying for many years that it would destabilize the Middle East.
fake	In the last four years, our economy has grown on average 0.9 percent a year.
fake	Says Jon Runyan voted to end programs to aid homeless veterans.
fake	The board of a nonprofit organization on which Obama served as a paid director ... granted funding to a controversial Arab group.
real	(Paul Ryan) has actually proposed three total, three bills that have become law in his entire career dating back to 1999.
fake	Says the governor is going around the state talking about [how] we should fund an income tax cut that benefits higher income earners and not lower income earners
real	Every student paying out-of-state tuition actually covers more than the cost of instruction.
real	Says in Oregon today, the average debt upon college graduation is more than $24,000.
real	He (Obama) chairs the subcommittee on Europe. ... He's held not one substantive hearing to do oversight.
fake	Says Ted Cruz is a supporter of legalizing people that are in this country illegally and proposed giving them work permits.
fake	Says Marilinda Garcia supports $150 billion in new taxes.
real	According to Pew Research, 99 percent of the people in Afghanistan support oppressive Sharia law.
real	John McCain has said the economy is "not his strong suit."
real	The number of people in Atlanta dying from HIV and AIDS declined 59 percent between 2004 and 2012.
real	Europe and U.S. households waste 15 times more food than a person in Africa.
fake	Says U.S. Rep. Martin Heinrich spent a trillion of our tax dollars on a stimulus for failed companies here and jobs overseas.
real	Providence has the lowest crime rate in three decades.
real	Says Gov. Doug Ducey wants to use taxpayer dollars to increase the salaries of private prison guards.
fake	Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama want to raise taxes on all income brackets.
real	When the United States invaded Iraq, Saddam Hussein wanted to acquire weapons of mass destruction, and "he said so himself after his capture."
fake	We have the highest tax rate anywhere in the world.
real	In the past year alone, Ohio businesses have created more jobs than almost every other state in the country.
fake	Says in 2003 Texas cut $10 billion out of the entire budget, yet we put $1.8 billion more into public education. We put $800 million more into health and human services.
real	While Hillary Clinton plans a massive, and I mean massive, tax increase, I have proposed the largest tax reduction of any candidate who has run for president this year, Democrat or Republican.
real	Louisiana is turning down $100 million "that would require us to change our unemployment law, that would have actually raised taxes on Louisiana businesses."
real	Mitt Romney is tearing down his 3,000-square-foot house to build an 11,000-square-foot house.
fake	We have ten different tax brackets and if youre making $9,000, youre already in the top tax bracket.
real	Says President Obama has never made a statement ... that he wanted a residual force left (in Iraq).
real	$16 trillion (the national debt) in $1 bills would cover the entire state of Ohio nearly 1.5 times.
real	The national debt increased $16,000 every secondGeorge Allen served in theU.S. Senate.
fake	Its hard to get people in Portland to vote yes on ballot measures, especially when theres opposition.
real	Interior deportations under Obama were down 40 percent and at a nine-year low.
fake	There are more young black males involved in the criminal justice system than there are in higher education.
real	The national debt is on track to double during Obamas presidency.
real	In its current state, this bill is the most restrictive voter ID legislation in the nation.
fake	The federal government is sending refugees to states with governors who are Republicans, not to the Democrats.
real	Central Health is the only hospital district in Texas that spends taxpayer dollars on abortions.
real	The sex-offender registry has been around for a long time, and the research thats out there says that it has no positive impact on the public safety.
real	Georgia is one of only five states where breweries cant sell you a pint of beer to drink on premise or sell you a six-pack to go.
fake	Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker has threatened to call out the National Guard if workers protest against changes to bargaining laws.
real	The president said he was going to create daylight between ourselves and Israel.
fake	Says Obamacare is the largest middle-class tax increase in history.
real	When we passed (the stand your ground law), we said it portends horrific events when peoples lives were put into these situations.
fake	Soldiers Donating to Tea Party Now Face Punishment Under the Uniform Code of Military Justice.
real	At $587 apiece, USA would need to bring home about 33.1 BILLION gold medals to pay off our national debt.
fake	These steps (a middle-class tax cut, national health care plan, foreclosure prevention fund, Social Security fix and more) are all paid for.
fake	U.S. Rep. Phil Gingrey wants public schools to teach women to stay in their place.
real	We have lost 600,000 jobs over the period of the last 10 years. Only Michigan and California have done worse.
fake	Obama will charge a 28 percent tax on all home sales.
fake	State employees are actually going to get a pay raise.
real	Says Donald Trumps position isto roll back all of the financial regulations passed after the financial crisis.
real	Health insurance companies' costs are only 4 percent of all health care spending.
fake	Says that President Obama promised that with the stimulus plan, unemployment would never go above 8 percent. He even said it would be 6 percent by now.
real	At the moment, energy companies spend 0.25 percent on RD.
fake	Claims Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg said she prefers the South African Constitution over the United States Constitution.
fake	Rick Scotts company is partners with Playboy in a social networking website that has community pages specifically geared towards gay dating.
fake	The U.S. gives foreign aid to Cuba and Venezuela, even though those countries are our enemies.
fake	Says President Barack Obamas finance team is recommending a 1% tax on all transactions at any financial institution.
fake	A referendum gives the people the chance to decide on cutting the Milwaukee County Board budget by two-thirds
fake	Says Congressman Jon Runyan does not want to cut taxes for the middle class, but only for millionaires.
fake	When Hillary Clinton ran the State Department, $6 billion was missing. How do you miss $6 billion? You ran the State Department, $6 billion was either stolen they dont know.
fake	Repealing and replacing Obamacare thats going to save $1 trillion over a 10-year period.
fake	Says Milwaukee County Executive Chris Abele spent $100,000 of taxpayer money on a new luxury SUV.
fake	Says Mitt Romney said at a January 2012 debate that under Paul Ryans tax plan, Id have paid no taxes in the last two years.
real	In 1993, Newt Gingrich first advocated for the individual mandate in health care. And as recently as May of this year, he was still advocating for it.
real	McCain "said he was 'stumped' when asked whether contraceptives help stop the spread of HIV."
fake	Says Dow Chemical decided to build a plant in Saudi Arabia rather than Oklahoma due to the impact of environmental regulations on the supply of natural gas.
real	Says up to a quarter of African Americans dont have government photo ID.
real	The Walton family of Walmart ... This one family owns more wealth than the bottom 40 percent of the American people.
real	Says since Australia passed tough gun laws, homicides by firearm have declined almost 60 percent.
fake	Federal government reneging on Medicaid payments to Wisconsin caused about $240 million in extra costs in the 2013-15 state budget.
fake	NAFTA allows a lot of trucks from Mexico, for example, to leave there and ... drive straight through without even being inspected.
real	The radiation coming from the new TSA body scanners is equivalent to about three minutes worth of air travel by anybody, say, at 30,000 feet.
real	Our trade deficit in goods reached nearly $800 billion last year alone.
real	Says the Multnomah County Library system is the second busiest in the nation.
fake	Weve got close to 7 million Americans who have access to health care for the first time because of Medicaid expansion.
real	Budget analysts say the looming tax hikes and spending cuts would take us into a recession and kill jobs.
fake	Jules Bailey was instrumental in creating the Business Energy Tax Credit that let companies like Wal-Mart profit by $11 million while costing the Oregon general fund $33 million.
fake	The government made accommodation to the Fort Hood shooter to let him grow a beard for religious reasons.
real	We understand that this heroin is primarily coming from Mexico, over the border.
fake	The state [food stamp call center] program is administered from foreign shores.
fake	The Germans, the French, countries that opposed us in the (Iraq) war, all believed (Saddam Hussein) had weapons of mass destruction.
fake	Says Barack Obama was happily photographed holding a T-shirt with revolutionary Ernesto Che Guevaras face on it.
fake	Says Jeb Bush appointed a guardian for the fetus of a rape survivor.
real	The cost of health care is now the single-biggest factor driving down the federal budget deficit.
fake	A report just came out that if we continue with President Obamas policies, were looking at over 9 percent unemployment next year in the fourth quarter.
real	Says she brought together business, labor and hospitals to give 94,000 Oregon children health care.
fake	The Wisconsin Economic Development Corp. cannot account for creating one single job.
real	Seven of the 10 highest-income counties in the country ring the city of Washington D.C.
real	Gov. (Rick) Perry helped balance his budget with about $6 billion worth of federal help, which he happily took, and then started blaming the members of Congress who had offered that help.
real	There has not been a Democratic woman in Congress from New Jersey in almost four decades.
real	Four percent of American citizens are black males, but they are 35 percent of murder victims.
fake	Says one out of three U.S. homeless men is a veteran.
real	President Obama budget request for veterans ismore than double the amount in constant dollars appropriated in 1980, when the veterans population was larger by a third.
fake	When Jim Doyle was governor and Mary Burke was commerce secretary, Wisconsin saw billions in middle-class tax hikes on nursing home beds, gas, phones and garbage.
fake	Bob Menendez just voted to increase the governments debt ceiling to $1.9 TRILLION! In his 19 years in Congress, Menendez has helped overspend America over $15 TRILLION into debt.
real	Democrats already agreed to a deal that Republicans wanted, that Eric Cantor said would be a win.
fake	Says economists Harvey Rosen and Martin Feldstein have said that paying for (Mitt) Romneys tax cuts would require large tax increases on families making between $100,000 and $200,000.
real	The turnout on May 14th was just 7 percent -- the lowest turnout in decades.
fake	Wisconsin is not walking away from a dime in federal funds by rejecting the Obamacare Medicaid expansion.
real	The so-called doc fix in the fiscal cliff deal will cut payments for treating illnesses disproportionately impacting minorities, including end stage renal disease and diabetes.
fake	A Census Bureau worker says he was told to skew information to bring the unemployment rate down as we headed into an election season.
fake	Every year since Gov. Walker and the Republicans have been in control of the Legislature weve created fewer jobs, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.
real	As bank president, Alex Sink eliminated thousands of Florida jobs while taking over $8 million in salary and bonuses.
fake	When the mayor of Providences brother wrote over 100 grand in bad checks to the city, Joe Fernandez didnt have the guts to prosecute him. He let him off the hook.
fake	Were losing now over $500 billion a year in terms of imbalance with China.
real	The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit compared the health care law to buying a pepperoni and ham pizza from Dominos or Pizza Hut.
fake	New jobs numbers are in, and Wisconsin has fallen to dead last in Midwest job growth.
fake	Residents could have received nearly $48M for Local Schools, Fire District, Sheriffs Dept. and Social Services.
fake	Im the only candidate in the Democratic primary, or actually on either side, who Wall Street financiers and hedge fund managers are actually running ads against.
real	We already have $23 billion worth of debt.
fake	Obama regime planned the influx of illegal alien children at the border.
fake	Our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert, either buried or just lying out there, that have been beheaded.
real	Since 1995, the top 400 wealthiest families have seen their incomes go up 400 percent and their tax rates go down 40 percent.
fake	I dont think the argument can be credibly made that the United States of America is undertaxed compared to our competitors.
real	Says a rather extraordinary amount of non-classroom employees were added by Texas school districts over the last decade.
fake	In labor negotiations with city employees, Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett demanded concessions that went beyond those mandated by Gov. Scott Walkers collective bargaining law
real	Says Hillary Clinton was literally present when we pressed the reset button with Russia just a few months after Russia had invaded Georgia.
fake	Obamacare isnt helping anyone.
fake	HIV/AIDS among women is skyrocketing in Austin.
real	Says Bill OReilly spoke 40 percent of the words in an interview with President Barack Obama.
fake	Austin is burdened by the fastest-growing tax increases of any major city in the nation.
fake	Says Hillary Clintons plan would bring in 620,000 refugees in her first term, alone, with no effective way to screen or vet them. Her plan would cost $400 billion in terms of lifetime welfare and entitlement costs.
real	McCain and Bush are millionaires who are "for tax cuts for millionaires."
real	The unemployment rate is declining faster in Tampa than almost anywhere else.
real	While I was working on those streets watching those folks see their jobs shift overseas, you were a corporate lawyer sitting on the board at Wal-Mart.
real	Says Connie Mack was the only member of the Florida delegation that voted against a bill to help NASA.
fake	U.S. Department of Homeland Security has told banks -- in writing -- it may inspect safe deposit boxes without warrant and seize any gold, silver, guns or other valuables it finds inside those boxes!
fake	Because of the current immigration crisis, Republicans want to repeal a 2008law that President George W. Bush signed and want to be on record as not wanting to protect children from ...sex trafficking.
real	Says state workers have not had across-the-board raises in six years.
fake	The Medicare proposal by Rep. Paul Ryan, R-Wis., would allow insurance companies to deny you coverage and drop you for pre-existing conditions.
fake	Says Jim Renacci opposed increasing combat bonuses for our troops.
fake	A member of the redistricting commission proposed in Issue 2 could accept a bribe from somebody and couldnt be removed from this commission.
fake	More Americans have lost their jobs under Barack Obama than any president in modern history.
real	Creeping defense commitments in (the Middle East) and globally now consume over half the U.S. discretionary budget annually.
real	Sen. Obama has declared, and repeatedly reaffirmed his intention to meet the president of Iran without any preconditions.
real	Georgia has one of the nations highest jet fuel taxes.
real	The insurance commissioner cant do squat about health care.
fake	Says Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walkers budget calls for raising property taxes by nearly $500 billion.
fake	Right now we have sufficient reserves to take care of Tennessees lottery scholarship students for a few years more.
fake	It is truethat we know that ISIS is present in Ciudad Juarez (Mexico)
real	Says under the Senate immigration bill, newly legalized immigrants will pay every tax possible, but you dont get a single benefit for 10 years.
real	There is no planned air-conditioned restaurant out on the Lens.
real	Refugees are subject to more rigorous screening than the average tourist in the U.S.
real	Says states that passed anti-illegal-immigrant legislation also had few Hispanic legislators.
real	According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), about 120 Americans on average die from a drug overdose every day. Overall, drug overdose deaths now outnumber deaths from firearms.
fake	The president is advocating a drone strike program in America.
fake	We have more illegal immigrants here than we did five years ago.
real	Today, the five largest financial institutions are 38 percent bigger than they were back in 2008, when they were too big to fail.
fake	Says President Barack Obama wants to raise the lowest (income) tax rate from 10 to 15 percent.
real	Says President Franklin Delano Roosevelt felt there wasnt a need in the public sector to have collective bargaining because the government is the people.
fake	Says that when Michelle Fields found out that there was a security camera, and that they had her on tape, all of a sudden that story changed.
fake	We can fix our roads without raising taxes.
fake	The health bill's plan for comparative effectiveness research would be used by the government to ration care.
fake	Mitt Romney, Rick Perry, and Newt Gingrich all say they would cut foreign aid to Israel and every other country to zero.
fake	Very little of (the defense) budget less than 10 percent actually goes into fighting ISIS and international terrorism.
fake	I lost my health insurance and my doctor because of Obamacare.
fake	In a few months, this deal would give Iran $150 billion for its $300 billion to $400 billion economy, which is like $8 trillion flowing into the United States treasury.
fake	Says a Congressional Budget Office report on spending by House Democrats in the economic stimulus concluded it "is just not stimulus. It won't help the economy grow."
real	Greece is not a big economy. Its about the size of metropolitan Miami.
real	Says 55 percent of council members have come from area where only 10 percent of Austinites live.
fake	Rob Cornilles has disputed for two years a news story that said he said he would cut Social Security and Medicare programs before trimming the U.S. defense budget.
real	Says Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke has deputies collecting overtime while sitting passively in chairs watching courthouse security personnel work.
real	The United States gives $8 million a day to Israel and gives that country a blank check.
real	You've heard endlessly about waterboarding. It happened to three terrorists.
real	The Arizona law basically parrots the federal immigration law.
fake	Floridas revenue is growing at a faster rate than almost any state in the country.
fake	The stimulus has $30 million in there to protect mice in San Francisco.
real	For now, we are still below average in the metro region.
real	Says he was known as Veto Corleone for cutting spending as Florida governor.
fake	Says when he was governor, Wisconsin cut unemployment to 2.1 percent and the states unemployment rate was the lowest in the country for 40 consecutive months.
real	A congressional laundry closed due to the partial government shutdown.
fake	Its bad enough that (Stephen) Silberkraus appeared in a sexual fetish film where women were kidnapped from their homes and forced to live naked in kennels and trained to be pets. But when Silberkraus isnt acting in films that degrade women, hes stalking them in his personal time.
fake	Says President Barack Obama spent nearly a trillion dollars on make-work government jobs.
fake	The sales tax increase, if approved, will cost taxpayers up to $300 million per year, in perpetuity, to finance a rail system for the City of Tampa.
real	We see a quarter-billion dollars in a pension fund that needs to be funded at $1.2 billion.
fake	On banning earmarks.
real	Says 11 percent of the nations fatal car crashes in 2009 were attributed to distracted driving.
real	Uncompensated care has gone down by 30 percent just in the first few months of Medicaid expansion in the states that adopted it.
fake	Says we got a chance to pass what I think is Oregons first human trafficking bill which has increased by 66 percent the calls to the human trafficking hotline.
real	My office is about a 300-step walk to the governors office.
real	Rhode Island has the second highest per enrollee (Medicaid) cost of any state in the country, which is 60 percent higher than the national average.
real	For the first time in over a decade, business leaders around the world have declared that China is no longer the worlds No. 1 place to invest; America is.
fake	We will spend $100 billion in Afghanistan this year, fixing roads, building bridges, training police officers, and more, [and] cutting the same things in our own country.
fake	Economic inequality in Multnomah County has a face -- and a name. It has 90,000 faces and names -- the number of county residents who are still unemployed, or underemployed, in the wake of the 2008 Wall Street crash.
fake	Says he has yet to get a response from Barack Obama to his August 2010 letter making border security requests.
real	Rep. Peter Petrarca voted on two pieces of legislation that helped auto body shops ... and at that point I think there is a conflict of interest.
real	Says the Central Health districts tax rate is the lowest among the largest counties in Texas, and it will continue to be the lowest if voters approve a proposed tax increase.
fake	A substantial number of probationers participating in a pilot project to ease the farm labor shortage are able to finish the work.
real	When President Obama took office, we were losing 700,000 jobs a month. Now weve had job growth, I think, for 24 consecutive months.
real	To help balance the 2011-13 budget, Gov. Scott Walker used a credit card approach that pushed over $500 million in debt onto our children and our grandchildren costing state taxpayers more than $150 million in interest.
real	Says the main Central Texas food bank is delivering 50 percent more food to the poor than three years ago.
fake	ISIS is right now crucifying Christians in Iraq, literally nailing Christians to trees.
real	Mitt Romney is proposing a tax plan that would give millionaires another tax break and raises taxes on middle class families by up to $2,000 a year.
real	One of the most recent polls said 75 percent of the American people have said either don't do anything or start over (on health care reform).
fake	The top 1 percent pay over half of the entire revenue for this country.
fake	Says Mitt Romney wants to get rid of Planned Parenthood.
fake	Climate change is directly related to the growth of terrorism.
real	The deal to raise the federal debt limit created the largest debt ceiling increase in Americas history.
fake	There was some sort of informal commitment to build a (psychiatric) building in downtown Cleveland.
fake	Just on the issue of immigration alone, it is next to impossible to find a policy difference between (Donald) Trump and Congressman (Joe) Heck.
real	Every Republican nominee since Richard Nixon, who at one time was under an audit, has released their tax returns.
real	Says Mitt Romney is proposing a tax cut that gives an average of $250,000 to every millionaire in this country.
real	I have repeatedly said that many of the predatory loans that were made in the mortgage system did target African-American and Latino communities.
real	In fact New Jersey is a donor state, we get 61 cents back on every dollar we send to Washington. And interestingly Kentucky gets $1.51 on every dollar they send to Washington.
real	Over the past two years, Florida has cut more than $1 billion in taxes.
real	When is a farm bill not a farm bill? When 90 percent of it is for food stamps.
real	If Sen. Hillary Clinton could enact all of her campaign proposals, taxpayers would be faced with financing more than $777.6-billion in new spending over one White House term.
fake	President Obama and Democrats spending addiction has driven our national debt to historic proportions, maxed out our national credit card and has now led to the Democrat Downgrade of our countrys AAA credit rating.
real	In the last 15 years, weve witnessed a dramatic expansion in the jailing of immigrants, from about 70,000 people detained annually to about 400,000.
fake	The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office concluded ObamaCare will cost the U.S. more than 800,000 jobs.
real	Florida sends $135 billion and D.C. returns $150 billion.
real	Our children's safety is potentially at risk because nearly half of the apple juice consumed by our children comes from apples grown in China.
real	Says state lawmakers have voted to spend virtually all of the Rainy Day Fund four times since the funds creation.
fake	U.S. Sen. Saxby Chambliss votes more with Democrats than with conservatives.
fake	As far as standing committees, we have 10 fewer standing committees. So weve saved the state about a quarter-of-a-million dollars through the reduction of the standing committees.
fake	Under President Ronald Reagan, illegal immigrants were not pouring in likethey are now.
real	Sen. McCain says it was not a mistake to vote against the Bush tax cuts ... but now says the tax cuts need to be made permanent.
real	Says that In 2009, I saved ratepayers around $500 million by persuading the Council to pursue a less expensive compliance mechanism if the City is required to treat Bull Run drinking water.
fake	You look at defense were spending more than the rest of the world combined.
fake	Says U.S. Rep. Steve Daines, R-Mont., opposes a vote on his own legislation that he proposed just a few months ago.
fake	Says he opposed the presidents decision to go into Iraq in 2003.
fake	We have 93 million people out of work. They look for jobs, they give up, and all of a sudden, statistically, theyre considered employed.
fake	Palin said stimulus money for weatherization required "universal energy building codes for Alaska, kind of a one-size-fits-all building code that isn't going to work up there in Alaska."
fake	President Barack Obama is ending Medicare as we know it.
real	It is just a fact that Hamas, apparently the North American spokesperson, is endorsing Senator Obama.
fake	Californias Capitol building is second only to Disneyland, among visitor sites in the state.
real	The Nordic countries are some of the few countries that meet development aid goals.
fake	Under Gov. Bob McDonnell, more jobs have been lost than created in Southside and Southwest Virginia.
real	Spending of government money is 17 percent less than it was a decade ago.
real	John McCain said last year he didn't know of a solution to the mortgage crisis.
real	Says 85 percent of IDEA charter-school students come from low-income families and about 99 percent of its graduates go to college.
real	Says Wisconsin Democrats during the previous administration adopted double-digit tax increases.
real	One third of our age group (Millennials) have moved back in with their parents.
fake	I have never asked for a single earmark, pork barrel project for my state of Arizona.
real	The labor force participation rate -- the share of the potential workforce that is actually working or looking for work-- currently stands below 63%, the lowest level since the 1970s.
real	Says President Barack Obama has lost more members of the House and more members of the Senate than any president ever has lost in modern times.
real	Health insurance is more expensive in Massachusetts than anywhere else in the country.
fake	Says U.S. Senate opponent Tammy Baldwin supported a federal budget that spent trillions -- not billions, trillions -- more money than the Obama budget.
real	Says she called for addressing risks of derivatives, cracking down on subprime mortgages and improving financial oversight early on in the financial crisis.
real	The national debt of $16 trillion, is enough to buy both the Cleveland Indians and Cincinnati Reds 1,918 times.
real	Says an average of $4 billion is added to the national debt every day.
real	Says Obama broke his promise to help homeowners facing foreclosure.
real	John McCain's health care plan "won't guarantee coverage of cancer screenings or maternity care."
fake	Says Steve Kagen promised us jobs, voting for the $787 billion stimulus. Cost: another 77,000 jobs lost.
fake	I have never voted for a tax increase.
real	Re: (Marco) Rubios support of earmark ban: In 2002 alone, he requested 37 earmarks worth $43 million.
fake	I had previously said that NATO was obsolete because it failed to deal adequately with terrorism. Since my comments, they have changed their policy and now have a new division focused on terror threats.
fake	U.S. global AIDS spending helped reduce political instability and violence by 40 percent in recipient nations.
fake	Why is President Obama unnecessarily delaying your flight? FAA could cut other spending.
fake	When it comes to urgency on passing a budget repair bill, theres no rush on this thing because the fiscal year doesnt end until June 30, 2011.
fake	Says only seven percent of 2009s stimulus bill went toward transportation projects, yet they created over one-third of the bills total jobs.
real	Because of (U.S. Sen.-elect Ron) Johnsons leadership, Senate Republicans adopted a caucus ban on earmarks.
real	New Castle Countys unemployment rate has not almost doubled in the last two years.
real	John McCain says it's okay with him if the U.S. spends the next thousand years in Iraq.
real	The economy bled $24 billion due to the government shutdown.
real	Says businesses pay roughly 60 percent of taxes in Texas.
fake	Says Gov. Rick Perry has been begging for the federal government to send the Coast Guard to patrol two lakes on the U.S.-Mexico border.
fake	Rick Scott vetoed funding for 30 Florida rape crisis centers. Scott said the centers werent needed.
fake	The Medicaid expansion is going to cost Florida $1.9 billion a year.
real	Tapping the Strategic Petroleum Reserve would immediately lower gasoline prices
real	Says taxes paid by the poorest residents of Texas are above the national average.
fake	Says when he was governor, most of the Democrats voted for his billion-dollar property-tax cuts, but U.S. Senate rival Tammy Baldwin voted against it.
fake	Mitt Romneys platform ...wont protect the mortgage interest (tax) deduction for middle-class families.
real	Lawmakers were paid for their off-season efforts to, for the first time, take the lead in drawing borders for two would-be cities.
real	Gov. Maggie Hassans budget proposal raises taxes on small businesses and increases taxes and fees by $100 million.
real	I stopped requesting earmarks in 2008.
real	The hole in the earth thats going to be dug (for the proposed Gogebic mine) is bigger than my entire district.
real	Says U.S. corporate tax rate is highest in the world at 35 percent.
fake	John McCain said "he wouldn't even sit down with the government of Spain, a NATO ally that has troops in Afghanistan with us now."
fake	Mercury is used in vaccines, and there is no safe level of mercury.
fake	Says Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett is responsible for the roughly $7,800 I pay in property taxes per year.
fake	Rhode Island has invested less in tourism, economic development and economic development personnel than four nearby states.
real	The first time he ever voted as a Democrat was here in Florida in 2008. He only voted four times in his life, and he's asking Floridians to come out and vote for him.
real	Some of these members of the House of Representatives get hundreds of thousands of dollars in farm subsidies but want to cut food stamps.
fake	Says Maggie Hassan pays zero property taxes on her $500,000 home.
real	John McCain opposed bankruptcy protections for families "who were only in bankruptcy because of medical expenses they couldn't pay."
fake	Obama has been sending taxpayer dollars, at least $350,000 to fund anti-Likud, anti-Netanyahu groups in Israelfor (the) election.
real	Today New Mexico (has) the sixth-fastest growing economy.